[music]
>> The crowding into those mega cap names
has led to crowding out of many other
high quality blue chip names. Balanced
portfolios make a lot of sense heading
into 2026. It could be in an environment
where we're still able to carve out new
highs.
>> Earnings are going to be what drives
stock prices. We want to make sure we're
managing risk well next year. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance with Jonathan
Ferro, Lisa Abramowitz, and [music] Anne
Marie Hordern.
Good morning and welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Anne Marie Hordern
alongside Scarlet Foo this morning.
Jonathan is still on paternity leave and
Lisa is off. Of course, it's a quiet
morning on Wall Street, but not so quiet
in the world of geopolitics. Last night
the United States launched a military
strike in Nigeria against ISIS targets.
The administration is still in pursuit
of a Venezuelan linked oil tanker. And
Scarlet, Ukrainian President Volodymyr
Zelenskyy overnight says he plans to
meet Trump quote in the coming days.
>> Yeah, he spoke on the phone for almost
an hour with Steve Bannon, Kushner, and
Jared Kushner.
We hear that Zelenskyy is expected to
travel to Florida as early as this
[music] Sunday, and he made the point
that a lot can be decided before the new
year. That That's the line I also was
looking at in this tweet. [music] It was
very short for him saying it's going to
be a meeting at the highest levels and a
lot could be decided before [music] the
new year. Well, the new year is next
year. Potentially, as we see a lot of
geopolitical flare-ups right now around
the world, potentially is this one
[music] spot where the Trump
administration can get a deal over the
finish line. Yeah, we'll see how it
goes. I mean, we know that at issue is
the 20-point [music] peace plan that
they need to present to Russia including
that provision of strong security
guarantees that's modeled on the Article
5 in NATO. [music]
And of course, whatever post-war
development program they have planned
for Ukraine. It feels like once again,
though, missing from this conversation
[music]
is Europe. So, that is going to be
incredibly interesting as these talks
continue to take shape. Let's take a
look at where markets are trading this
morning. We are unchanged on the S&P 500
futures. Markets are back up and trading
today following the Christmas [music]
holiday. We did have another record
high, though. We're in the middle of
that Santa Claus rally. We did another
record high on Wednesday before the
markets shut. It would be the 39th It
was the 39th record high of the year.
Potentially [music] today we'll go for
the 40th.
10-year Treasury yields, we are up
almost two basis points, 4.15%.
Once again, commodities is where all the
action is. Silver At one point, Scarlet,
[music] passing $7,500. Yeah, that's
right. Year-to-date silver has gained
150% the best year since 1979.
And you also see this rally in precious
metals and industrial metals because of
the weak US dollar. The Bloomberg Dollar
Index down about 8.3%
for 2025, [music] and people are
projecting more weakness in 2026.
>> And that's just going to help things
like gold and all these other precious
metals. Coming up with the program,
we'll talk about a lot of this with
George Goncalves of MUFG with stocks at
record highs, Ed Mills of Raymond James
as Ukraine signals progress on peace
talks, and Nadia Martin Wigan of Svenlen
Capital with geopolitical tensions
sending oil for its biggest weekly gain
in months. We begin this hour with
stocks pulling back just ever so
slightly after notching fresh record
highs as the Santa Claus rally really
sets in. George Goncalves of MUFG
looking ahead to 2026 writing quote a
growth set of risks that will require
careful navigation, particularly around
concentrated risk market valuations, and
weak labor markets. George joins us now.
George, thank you so much for joining
us. So, you don't sound so merry this
morning when you look ahead to 2026.
What are potentially how you're looking
at in terms of risk and rewards?
I George, I think actually we don't have
your mic at the moment.
Oh, there you are. Let's start Let's
start that again, George. We I missed
everything you said. You didn't sound so
merry there in parts of your your note
as you look ahead to the risks of 2026.
Walk us through your thinking.
You know, look look, 2025 obviously was
a year full of disruptions, ended with,
you know, markets near the highs as
you're describing it, volatility
declining. All of that, you know, seems
like, you know, it could continue, but
those sort of setups are the ones that
are the most precarious given the sort
of backdrop. We talked about the
geopolitical at the beginning. We are
really focused have been focused on the
labor market, and we need to have this
economy broaden out and not just be
really concentrated both in, you know,
income distribution, but also in the
tech sector. We need a broadening out of
the economy to really change our view.
Do you think we will see a broadening
out? And if so, how do you time this?
Yeah, it's like a little bit of some of
the key kind of indicators to watch out
for are, is, you know, will small
businesses really start to pick up the
hiring pace? Is that something that we
can kind of keep a
real-time assessment as we go through
the course of the beginning of the year.
You know, we are concerned about a
potential head fake. At the beginning of
the year, probably we'll see benefits
from the fiscal policy that was put in
place with the big beautiful bill, but
then will that be sustainable to the
second half of the year? That's really
the big question. Yeah, I've seen
several notes including yours, George,
mentioning the World Cup as a catalyst
for first half growth, GDP in
particular. Would That would certainly
help specific hosting cities, but how
meaningful would that impact be in
aggregate?
Look, I mean, look, it's hard to kind of
quantify specifically, but look, next
year you have the hallmarks of a
potentially, you know, pretty exciting
year. You have the World Cup, you have
the US's 250th anniversary. I'm sure
that in between
up until at least 4th of July, I think
that, you know, there's going to be kind
of a
buoyant sort of spending pattern amongst
US consumers. The question is like, is
it concentrated? Will it kind of
even out over the year? And I think
those are the big questions to kind of
think about. You also have the midterm
elections, and we know that midterm
election years tend to be high growth
years. As with everything else,
investors do tend to price in the
benefits before they actually filter
through the economy. Where is this going
to be most apparent? Is it going to be
in equities, in Treasuries, in the
dollar, in commodities?
Look, I mean, this is interesting
because I mean, a lot of these sort of
views I think are largely priced in to
your point. I mean, the dollar was weak
this year, but most of the weakness came
at the beginning of the year, and we've
been basically going sideways. You know,
the movement in precious metals has been
off the charts. Stocks, you know,
continue to grind higher. Now, if a lot
of that was capturing the the news of
both the Fed pivoting towards more
easier policy, a lot of that's kind of
baked in the cake. And so, the question
is, what's the follow-through? I think
that, you know, it's going to be hard to
meet some of these expectations. Last
time you were on, it was in early
November. You were on with John and
Lisa, and you were talking about the
market internally starting to look
exhausted and ripe at least for a
correction, but here we are, December
26th, and we had on Wednesday before
Christmas a 39th record high when it
comes to equities. Do you think we could
see a meaningful
uh recalibration in equities in 2026?
Look, so look, you know, in between
nothing's linear. We did have a minor
correction or a minor pullback, I should
say, in November before
uh Thanksgiving. And then since then,
it's been off to the races. You know,
very typical of the end of year
type rally. Also very typical of a low
vol environment. We have had, you know,
the VIX very low, rate volatility
declining. All of this has kind of
engendered a further risk-taking. We do
think that, you know, there's going to
be a meaningful correction at some point
over the course of 2026. When it comes
to how you're thinking about the Federal
Reserve, you say a lot of this is baked
in. When you say baked in, do you mean
one more rate cut or two more rate cuts?
Look,
so the market has about one and a half
two cuts basically in the back of their
mind priced in into the forward curve.
It's It's It's actually visible.
You know, we think it's all about the
sequencing. It depends on what takes
place, who's pulling, you know, the
actual rate cuts
forward. You know, it is going to be
under Chair Powell's
you know, kind of last few meetings. We
think, you know, that maybe one more cut
under the current sort of Fed. And then
in the future, we don't know. You know,
there's been a lot of questions about
Fed independence, and will the Fed cut
for the right reasons or you know, for
other motives? Either way, we think that
the Fed is going to probably cut further
than what's priced into the market, but
if they cut for more than more than two
times, then something has to change in
the
something's kind of weak in the in the
economy that justifies it. Yeah, your
view is that the Fed will cut rates
three to four times in 2026. And of
course, it is expectations of lower
rates that's helping to support those
commodity prices, gold and silver prices
in particular. What is different,
George, about gold's run this time
versus, say, in October when it peaked
at about 4381, and a lot of people saw
that run-up as overheated?
Look, I think the whole year precious
metal move
is something that is very telling of a,
you know, both you know, there's a a
view around the commodity needs for the
sort of new technology in the new
economy that's evolving, but I think
it's it's also a referendum on sort of
Fed policy. The Fed did go from
basically not wanting to cut, pivoting
towards cutting, stopping QT, and then,
you know, introducing a version of not
QE, but reserve management, which is
going to add a lot of liquidity into the
banking system. So, I think the, you
know, the the precious metals definitely
picked up on that way earlier than other
markets. Yeah, you could also argue the
precious metals are part of that
debasement trade, too, where people are
straying away from the dollar and
Treasuries and moving to precious metals
and indeed Bitcoin as well. Although, we
haven't seen crypto really participate
in this leg of the rise in gold and
silver. How do you fit Bitcoin and
what's happening in that speculative
part of the market into your overall
thinking?
Look, so yeah, we also obviously
I look at
crypto or these sort of alternative
assets more from the lens of a macro
what it's telling us about liquidity
more in general. And And the preferences
amongst liquidity. The fact that it's
going into kind of harder, you know,
more of the older sort of precious
metals versus the new age version of
digital gold, it I think it's telling
you something that there's a preference
to more safety versus, you know, what is
still proven unproven sort of technology
of how long it's going to last and
what's the true valuation of Bitcoin.
It's not something that's in my
wheelhouse, but in general, it's telling
you from a macro sense that there's a
preference for kind of the more
traditional forms of alternative assets.
We've seen the entire commodity space
though lift higher. Copper has been on
an absolute tear as well. When it comes
to the concerns in the commodity space,
the physical commodities that are used
across supply chains like silver and
copper, there's some concern that
potentially we'll get more tariffs in
2026. How are you thinking about trade
policy given there's some key dates
coming up when it comes to this
administration and some of the trade
policies they've enacted in 2025?
The obviously we're still waiting on a
number of sort of key information and
you know, and and but we do know that
tariffs obviously are a key sort of
platform agenda item that's not going to
go away. So there's a baseline of
expectations around tariffs
and then the question is do we get more
sectorial tariffs as you're alluding to.
You know, we do think that you know,
this this full impact of tariffs is not
just an inflationary sort of phenomenon
and maybe it's you know, towards its
course there. We don't know. But I think
it's more about the sort of impacts and
indecision that it does on planning
especially around the sort of you know,
input items like commodities. I do think
that you know, trade policy will have an
impact on on that side of things as
well. Does it complicate potentially
corporations and whether or not they are
going to and when they may pass on more
of these costs to consumers?
Well, look, I think that you know, what
we've noticed thus far is just a sort of
hesitancy to kind of pass through fully
the the tariff effect
and if profit margins have been kind of
absorbing some of that. I think there
will
there will come a time and I think we're
getting close to that point where
companies will not be as generous in
absorbing these sort of profit costs and
they're going to try to pass it on to to
the consumers. Now, if it's towards the
industrial sort of mid-production you
know, business-to-business sort of
inputs that they're
you know, assessing and seeing if they
can negotiate with their partners, maybe
they can pass on some of it, but if it's
to the US consumer outright, I think
that they're going to have a challenge
to do so and it's going to eventually
have to hit their margins. George,
thanks so much for joining us this
morning. Hope you had a lovely
Christmas. George Goncalves of MUFG. So
you know, since he mentioned World Cup
or you mentioned World Cup to him, I was
totally distracted on StubHub and
Ticketmaster cuz I've been tracking
these tickets and still to see the final
could cost you anywhere between $12,000
to $90,000 depending on who plays. Yeah.
A ticket. Who's Who's Who's buying
these, please? So you got me a little
depressed this morning cuz I thought
maybe at some point we'd be able to go
for the final match.
>> to have already you know, put a bid in
for that at this point. Yeah,
definitely. [clears throat] All right,
let's get you an update on stories we're
watching elsewhere this morning. Here's
your Bloomberg brief with Yahaira and
Ed. Hey Yahaira. Hi Ed Marie. The US
launched a military air strike against
ISIS targets [music] in Nigeria.
President Donald Trump saying he ordered
the precision hits at the request of the
Nigerian government which has been
struggling to contain [music] increasing
levels of terrorist attacks in parts of
the country. Defense Secretary Pete
Hegseth warning more strikes are coming
if the group
>> [music]
>> continues to target innocent civilians.
Meanwhile, holiday travel is hitting a
major wall with a winter storm expected
[music] to descend on the tri-state
area. Over 400 flights have already been
canceled at JFK, LaGuardia and Newark.
Forecasters are expecting up [music] to
8 inches of snow from Friday afternoon
through Saturday and New York City is
issuing a travel advisory for the
duration of the storm.
And Tesla facing renewed scrutiny over
its door handles. The National
>> [music]
>> Highway Traffic Safety Administration
said it's evaluating claims that the
mechanical [music] door release is quote
hidden, unlabeled and not intuitive to
[music] locate during an emergency. The
move expanding the federal examination
of Tesla's [music] doors following an
investigation by Bloomberg. That's your
Bloomberg brief, Ed Marie. My problem is
sometimes I just can't find the door
handles. All right, that's for another
conversation. Up next, Ukrainian
President Zelenskyy saying he will meet
with President Trump soon as Kyiv
[music] and Washington look to align on
a peace plan. Ed Mills of Raymond James
joins us next for that conversation and
a whole lot more. You're watching
Bloomberg [music] Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. It is the day after
Christmas. Hope you had a lovely holiday
however you were celebrating. [music]
Preparing for the tri-state area for
potentially up to 8 inches of snow.
Where we are trading this morning
[music]
is obviously very thin volumes. We did
have though another record high in the
S&P 500 [music] on Wednesday in the
shortened trading day. S&P 500 futures
are unchanged this morning. 39th record
high we had on Wednesday. 10-year yield
up about two basis points [music] 4.14%.
Silver, oil, gold, copper, the entire
commodity complex has been moving
higher. Silver $74. [music]
At one point it passed $75. Scarlet and
I have been talking about this the
entire [music]
week. There's geopolitics at play.
There's central banks buying and also
there's just [music] the fact that
things like silver and copper are
actually used in the physical world.
Yeah, absolutely. So there's a lot of
demand. There's a question about supply
especially when it comes to copper with
some outages across mines.
>> [music]
>> But in addition, you've got the weak
dollar. And so when you have a weak
dollar, the knee-jerk reaction is higher
commodity prices. [music] And we've seen
the US dollar at least as measured by
the Bloomberg Dollar Index down about 8%
this year.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It's been on [music] a
downward trend and potentially going to
go lower next year. On Surveillance this
morning, Ukrainian President Volodymyr
Zelenskyy saying he plans to meet with
Trump in the coming days. Zelenskyy
signaling a lot could be decided before
the new year after Christmas Day
sit-down with US envoy Steve Wickoff
[music] and Jared Kushner. Ed Mills of
Raymond James joins us now. So Ed, you
do have Zelenskyy looking like he's
going to be going over to Florida
Mar-a-Lago where the president will be
for for the remainder of the the
Christmas New Year holiday. Do you think
potentially we could get a deal before
2026?
Ed Marie, it's possible. I think that
there is probably
more to work out on the Russian side. I
think Zelenskyy is trying to find what
he can get
with the American contingent here
because I think he wants to put pressure
on Putin. Right now, the 20-point plan
that Zelenskyy and the Americans have
agreed to is probably unacceptable
to Putin. This here is trying to reverse
some of the pressure that has come on to
him
in the recent months especially that
kind of pre Thanksgiving deadline that
the Trump administration had put on him.
So I'd say there is going to be
progress, but I don't think people are
really expecting
that what Zelenskyy and Trump work out
will be acceptable to Putin at least in
the near term. We probably need at least
one more round of this before things get
settled.
>> Well, as you were speaking, Dmitry
Peskov is speaking right now and he's
saying Russia has analyzed the
information on the peace plan according
to the TASS news agency. You have Yuri
Ushakov there saying that contacted US
representatives. He's been one of the
main negotiators, senior Russian
diplomat at the table. And the Kremlin
saying it has contacted the US on
Ukraine peace plan. Do you think Putin
is just playing for time or do you think
they are serious about getting to an
agreement?
I think that they are open to an
agreement. I think that
they are really going to be looking at
these territorial
concessions. And I think this is really
what it comes down to, Ed Marie, because
what is the future of the Donbas region?
How much does Ukraine have to fully kind
of acknowledge that Russia has kind of
certain certain parts of this territory?
How much of it is a demilitarized zone?
How much does Ukraine get to control
this? How much does
Russia get to control this? I think
that's the critical issue. The second
issue is even if you kind of create a
demilitarized zone, what are the
security guarantees? I think that
Zelenskyy and Ukraine are willing to
give up more of that territory at least
as a demilitarized zone if they get
those you know, kind of security
guarantees. But if there's not the
security guarantees, they're not willing
to do that and I do think that Putin is
not going to be okay with the the
security guarantees that Zelenskyy wants
and are probably not going to be okay
with a demilitarized zone. They want
more territorial concessions I think
then what the US and Ukraine are willing
to give at this point.
>> So these are all pretty familiar
sticking points, things that have really
locked both sides into their respective
positions for months now. Ed, what about
Europe? Ed Marie was mentioning earlier,
Europe is kind of missing in all of this
and if Zelenskyy goes to Mar-a-Lago on
Sunday,
does Europe play any role in this?
They could. I think what we've seen,
Scarlet, is that Europe has played a bit
of a backstop to these negotiations if
they seem as if they are going too far
towards Russia. If they are seen as
going kind of too kind of
you know, aggressive towards Ukraine,
there are kind of key constituencies
within Europe that step up. I do think
what we're going to see if we do have a
demilitarized zone, how much do NATO or
European forces I would lean more
towards European forces so it's not seen
as a specific NATO operation could be
part of that security guarantee in that
area. But they just want to make sure
that Ukraine is not on the wrong end of
any of these negotiations. So they stay
out for now, but if it goes in the wrong
direction, they step up that diplomatic
pressure on the US envoy. Okay, and of
course we are anticipating a visit
between Zelenskyy and Trump in the
coming days according to Volodymyr
Zelenskyy. I also want to get your take
on what happened over the holiday which
is is US launching Christmas Day
military strikes in Nigeria against some
ISIS targets. And of course, we had
known that in November the president
threatened possible military action if
the government did not halt the killing
of Christians.
Talk a little bit about why now and
whether this is a one-time action or
this is the start of something more
sustained.
Yes, so President Trump has said this is
at the request of the government. He
does view kind of the defeat of ISIS
during his first term as his signature
geopolitical kind of military
achievement of that first term to the
extent that he is going to have requests
and it is against ISIS. I don't think
that there's anything that he would hold
back trying to go after that group. So I
do think at this point, I think you
would consider this as contained. But if
there are other needs, he's absolutely
willing to do this. It is unusual to
have strikes under the Trump
administration. He so far has been
fairly limited in how aggressive he
wants to be with some of that proactive
military use. So that was keep me more
in that contained camp versus this is
the start of something news. Well, at
the same time Ed, he did promise on the
campaign trail to not entangle the
United States in any more foreign
conflicts. Is this going to be a problem
with his base when it comes to the
midterm elections?
I think as long as it's specific, it's
targeted, I think it is kind of couched
in we cannot let ISIS kind of
reconstitute or kind of get stronger in
any sort of fashion Emery. And also the
fact that he would probably kind of
couch this in the the targeting of
Christians, something that from a
political perspective is in a pretty
decent standing. That's why I did say
that I think this is probably more
contained than a start of something new.
Something that he has done quite well
with his base is trying to maintain that
contained military conflict. And he is
kind of ticked off more of the items
that he has negotiated peace between
kind of Israel in kind of the the
conflict in Gaza. Other kind of areas
where he's working on with kind of
Thailand, Cambodia. He has his whole
list of things that he has stopped
globally. So containment is the base
case here, but he also always wants to
project US strength. And so he's not
going to be shy if he's requested and it
is needed. What's going on with US
strength in Venezuela? It's been six
days that the US continuously is trying
to pursue this sanctioned oil tanker
that's linked to Venezuela. Do you see
this the administration just trying to
control the sanctioned oil or do you
think this is part of a bigger regime
change?
Yeah, Emery, what I've told clients at
Raymond James is this is part of a
reestablishment by the Trump
administration of the Monroe Doctrine.
I do think that we are looking at kind
of North and South America as America's
sphere of influence. I also think this
is a bit of a shot across the bow and in
a warning sign to Mexico. And to the
extent that the drug cartels are the
kind of underlying issue here, I think
this is a warning to Mexico where he is
already labeled the drug cartels in
Mexico as terrorist organizations. If
President Sheinbaum does not get that
under control, he's willing to take
additional action. I think the big
debate that I've had with clients at
Raymond James is that to the extent that
we are reestablishing our sphere of
influence, is that going to make it
harder for us to push back as Putin
wants that more territorial concern in
what his former sphere of influence is.
Is it going to be harder to push back
against Xi if he gets more aggressive
against Taiwan? So in near term, that's
a projection of strength by this
administration, but it could have
significant unintended consequences on
the geopolitical stage.
Ed, as we wrap up our conversation here,
you talked about your clients and the
debates that you're having with them.
What is the single most important
geopolitical meeting you see in 2026 for
the president that he needs to resolve?
Oh, 100% it's going to be Trump and Xi.
This is the number one and number two
economy in the world. The surprise for
me in 2025 was how good we are with the
relationship with China. If that
continues, that's a very bullish signal
for the stock market in 2026. If there's
volatility, if that falls apart, that's
a big warning sign. So tracking China,
tracking Trump and Xi probably from a
Raymond James perspective is the most
important thing for 2026. Ed, thanks so
much. We look forward to continuing the
conversation next year. That was Ed
Mills of Raymond James. [music] Under
Surveillance is coming up next behind
the scenes at Nike.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Annmarie Hordern
alongside Scarlet Fu this morning.
Jonathan Ferro is still on paternity
leave and Lisa Abramowicz is off this
week, but she'll be back with you
[music] next week. And then the whole
gang will be back together for the new
year in 2026. We're 3 hours away from
the cash open. Let's take [music] a look
at what stocks are trading in the
futures market this morning. Relatively
flat and unchanged. Nothing's really
going on, Scarlet. We are in the midst
of the Santa Claus rally.
>> [music]
>> We had a 39
record high on Wednesday. Potentially
today we're going to go for 40th. But
this is that lull in financial markets
that happen right now between Christmas
and New Year's everyone kind of goes
home, they recalibrate. Lots more action
happening in the geopolitical space
which is moving commodities. And then
the VIX, you wanted to talk about this.
[music] I wanted to talk about the VIX
because even as we see the Santa Claus
rally in effect right now with a
five-day winning streak for the S&P, Dow
and Nasdaq, the VIX [music] actually
ended Christmas Eve below 13 and a half.
That is the lowest point of this year.
But you look at how it's performed over
the past three months, it averaged just
below 18. And of course, the high point
was [music] the high point for the VIX
that is was about 52 on April 8th in the
aftermath of the Liberation Day tariff
[music] announcement and then the
pulling back of that. I have thought of
the whole year as pre-Liberation Day.
post-Liberation [music] Day. In my mind
when it comes to reporting on politics,
that was with the president when he was
back coming back from Air Force One. He
didn't like my question [music] about
the Trump put and a few days later the
bond market a little bit yippy and
reversed course. But how much financial
markets [music]
quickly took Liberation Day as that was
Bible. And then once Trump recalibrated,
that was it. It was off to the races.
>> And then that idea of the the taco
trade, right? That the president will
always recalibrate given how the bond
market reacts. And the bond market has a
tantrum, then [music] they're going to
start pulling back on some of the things
that they announced. It's the it's been
one of the checks on his policies in
terms of something he pays [music]
attention to. The first term, many said
it was the stock market. That's what
Jonathan always said. Second term, it
looks like he's paying attention [music]
more attention to Treasuries. The
10-year yield in particular.
>> Yes.
>> 10-year yield. Which today isn't really
doing that much. 3 hours away from the
cash open. Let's get your morning movers
with you, Hira. Hey Hira. Hi Annmarie.
The surge in precious metals is spilling
over into mining stocks. We are seeing
shares [music] of Freeport-McMoRan up
3%. Southern Copper up 2 and 1/2% as
gold, [music] silver and platinum all
reach record highs on the same story. A
weaker dollar and expectations for
[music] Fed rate cuts as you've been
saying on morning. Meanwhile, moving on
to Micron, if we hold at these levels,
[music] Micron will open at a fresh
record high. The stock is up 1.7%
[music]
in the premarket, but it comes after a
roughly 230%
run this year fueled by strong demand
for its memory [music] chips used in
everything from computers to AI servers.
And we end on Biohaven. This stock is
absolutely plunging in the premarket
down nearly [music] 14% now after one of
their experimental drugs to treat
[music] depression failed to meet its
goals in a mid-stage study. Analysts are
saying that it's disappointing, but not
all that surprising given [music] the
complexity in these types of clinical
trials for depression. Even so, amid
thin trading, we are seeing [music] that
amplified move as we can see.
Thanks so much. Hira, on our radar this
morning, Ukraine's President Volodymyr
Zelenskyy saying he plans to meet
President Trump in the coming days to
iron out details over a potential peace
deal. Reports from Ukraine saying
Zelenskyy is expected to travel to meet
Trump in Florida as soon as Sunday. At
the same time, Scarlet, we are getting
some information from Interfax via the
Kremlin. And they say at the direction
of President Putin, contact took place
between representative of Russian and US
administrations, but I don't see Russia
moving just yet towards really coming to
the table for a trilateral deal. And I
think this is something you touched on
in our conversation with Ed Mills of
Raymond James that there doesn't appear
to be much urgency on the part of
Russia. They can afford to take their
time and be patient and wait out the
clock, run out the clock and see what
happens. Of course, from Ukraine's side,
there's a lot of urgency to get moving,
which is why we see Zelenskyy talking
about meeting up with President Trump in
the coming days. But Russia can kind of
sit back and wait to see how it all
plays out before responding one step at
a time.
>> This is something we'll be watching over
the weekend and potentially a big story
next week as we head into New Year's
Eve. Also, our US forces striking
Islamic State targets in Nigeria in
collaboration with the country's
government. US Africa Command saying the
strikes came at the request of Nigerian
authorities and killed multiple
terrorists with Defense Secretary Pete
Hoekstra saying there could be quote
more to come. And precious metals as
Scarlet and I have been talking about
all week really continuing their surge
after notching new all-time highs. Gold,
silver and platinum all jumping to new
records on the heels of Central Bank
purchases, US dollar weakness. And this
morning really, the geopolitical
tensions we've been discussing. And I'm
not sure that there's anything that will
change that in the near term. Certainly
the next couple of days this will
continue to be the theme. And it when it
comes to gold, it's been up 170%
this year.
>> Yeah. Silver 150%, the best year since
1979. And when you look at gold, people
are talking about 5,000 next year. We're
already at 4,500. So you have to think
potentially there's some people are
going to have to look at year-end 2026
and maybe actually increase that target.
There's going to be a lot of demand in
the new year as well because you have
Lunar New Year and that's when gold
tends to outperform as well. And then
the wedding season in India also places
a lot of demand for physical gold.
>> Very good point as we shed the year of
the snake and we go into the year of the
horse. You're on top of that. Nice.
>> forward to this in February. All right,
turning to retail, shares of Nike are
down more than 20% this year. CEO
Elliott Hill has been facing an uphill
battle trying to turn around the company
he previously retired from in 2020.
Bloomberg's Romaine Bostick takes us on
a behind-the-scenes look at their
turnaround plans.
In the heart of Western Oregon lies a
750,000
square-foot plus complex. So secret few
are allowed past the lobby.
>> If you love sports and you love product,
this is kind of Disneyland. Hundreds of
motion picture cameras surrounding an
indoor soccer pitch, speed sensors
encircling an Olympic race track,
electronic pressure plates embedded in a
basketball court, biometric hookups to
assess a runner's gait and posture, a
hermetically sealed room that mimics the
brutal heat and humidity of a Tokyo
summer.
All told, more than 800 pieces of
testing equipment under the roof of the
LeBron James Innovation Center, home to
the Nike Sport Research Lab. An
evolution [music]
from the company's experimental kitchen
counter roots and a nod to its future of
putting the athlete first. This is our
Nike Sports Research Lab and our
Innovation Center. And this is the home
of the dreamers, creators, makers,
engineers, some incredible teammates of
ours who are all dreaming about serving
elite athlete problems.
>> Yeah, what Nike as a brand is founded on
really at the core of our history and
heritage is listening to the voice of
the athlete, right? So as Phil's point,
you're sitting we're in some amazing
building where we have dreamers building
the future and work with not only elite
athletes but the everyday athlete to
take those insights and understanding
and build not only for the elite, what
you see um being here today, but then
are able to translate those innovations
through every price point. Amy Montagne
is the new president of the Nike brand.
Phil McCartney is the new chief
innovation design and product officer
overseeing ideas across the company's
three units, Nike, Jordan, and Converse.
They are two of the key players in CEO
Elliott Hill's full-court press to
reinvigorate growth following former CEO
John Donahoe's reign.
Under Donahoe, it was a tenure that saw
annual sales begin to drop in 2024 as
demand waned for the brand's lifestyle
sneakers like the Nike Dunks and as
relationships with retail partners
soured. Elliott Hill is now trying to
plug the hole with a refocus [music]
on athletic performance. We're going to
obsess sports. I think that's been since
Elliott returned. That's been a key part
of our charge as a leadership team and
we're already starting to see the
fruits. You know, we spend a huge amount
of time bringing athletes here. We text
with they compete on Eliud Kipchoge,
LeBron James. We bring them to our home
and then we go to their homes. So the
origination for ideas is always the
athlete. That's at the core of
everything we do.
And then we start to think about how do
we apply those insights broadly to the 8
billion people who we're trying to
invite into sport every single day. So
when it does actually go to market, are
you going to target it towards
the athlete or are you going to try to
maybe just target towards the casual
wear? Everything that we do on the focus
on performance is listening to the elite
athlete and capturing that data and
information to help lead this amazing
innovation. So we will for sure be
connecting the story exactly to our
athletes which
are who helped give us those insights,
who we tested with, and that will be how
we determine how we tell that story
going forward. So it's very much about
the insights from the athletes, the data
we captured, the innovation we're
delivering, and helping communicate that
to consumers all over the world. The
reason that we start with elite athletes
is when we solve those discerning
problems, those milliseconds,
micromillimeters, we can create products
that then translate down for athletes
every day all over the world.
Speaking of the everyday athlete, I put
on my running shoes and geared up for an
afternoon [music] under the microscope
of some of Nike's best researchers for a
head-to-toe consultation.
>> [music]
>> I even got a glimpse into the retailer's
future with project amplify, a footwear
system with lightweight motors and
rechargeable cuff batteries
>> [music]
>> that aims to help you move faster with
less effort. Nike's chief science
officer, Matt Nurse, providing some
words of encouragement along the way. So
we have an expression, if you have a
body, you're an athlete.
>> Yeah. And and a lot of what we learn
from elite athletes does trickle down
and help everybody, but a lot of what we
learn from everyday athletes does
trickle up. Um
you know, there's there's plenty of
opportunities where technology we have
to sort of burn the candle from both
ends and figure out where the best
opportunity is.
>> The ethos of the company, and
particularly since Elliott has taken
over, is put more a focus back on the
athlete. I mean, what's the difference
now between what you're doing in this
building and say what Bowerman was
doing, you know, decades ago and you
know, whatever Shockey was working out
of?
>> [music]
>> Honestly, today it's just a more modern,
sophisticated in connection of what Bill
Bowerman was doing in his lab. You know,
this notion of having an idea on how you
might improve an athlete performance or
protection,
actually building it, you know, Bill
[music] Bowerman pouring into a waffle
iron, modifying a shoe, that's what this
building is designed to do, but allow
more sports, more athletes, full speed,
full motion, and but we're solving the
same problems doing the same thing. A
little different this time around.
Mounting pressure in the running space
under threat by competitors like On and
Hoka.
Do you worry at all about some of the
recent upstarts that have come into this
space particularly on the performance
side, Hoka, On Running, Norda, etc.?
Well, we have three incredible brands
here at the company. We have Converse,
we have Jordan, and we have Nike. So I
think a lot of the work that we're doing
in this new multi-brand offense that
we're in is making sure that we
intentionally shape the three amazing
brands that we have. That allows us to
at certain times come together to go
after an opportunity in the market, but
also to be more specific about what each
brand represents and the growth
potential of each. I think when we think
about that, I think it's true it's fair
to say that the distance between
ourselves and our potential
is a little bigger than the distance
between ourselves and our competition.
And we look at innovation not just in
product like Phil's talked about, but
how we tell our stories and how we
deliver experiences in the marketplace
for consumers. And when you think of
some of maybe our latest, most
innovative marketing concepts, I think
back to the last Super Bowl, a male
sport at a really important time around
the world, and we told the story of So
Win through our female athletes, right?
We listened to their voice, we're deeply
connected to where they were at that
moment, and we're able to tell the story
of the support of those athletes and
what they are doing in the world of
sport today. So I think that's one
amazing example as we continue to
innovate by listening to them where they
are, where the world of sport is in
sport culture, and then are able to
deliver something like So Win. Amy, I'll
give you the last answer here and this
is really on what you want the Nike
brand to be beyond what it already is
today.
What I believe and want for the Nike
brand is for us to always always
remember our roots and to honor our
founder, to really come in every single
day obsessed with serving the athlete,
listening to their needs, not only
meeting their expectations but taking
them somewhere new. And when we do that,
there [music] is all the opportunity in
the world for our future.
That was Romaine Bostick taking us
behind the scenes at Nike Sports
Research Lab. Let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning.
Yahaira's back with your brief. Hey
Yahaira. Hi Anne Marie.
The US launched a military airstrike
against ISIS targets in Nigeria.
President Donald Trump saying he ordered
the precision hits at the request of the
Nigerian [music] government which has
been struggling to contain increasing
levels of terrorist attacks in parts of
the country. Defense Secretary Pete
Hegseth warning more strikes are coming
if the group continues to target
innocent [music] civilians.
Meanwhile, coastal communities in
Southern California are bracing for more
rain and flash [music] floods with a
state of emergency still in place for
Los Angeles and neighboring counties.
The historic storm pummeled the region
over the holiday leading to road
closures, [music]
flooded freeways as you can see, and
evacuations. According to the Los
Angeles Times, at least three people
have now died as a result of the [music]
storm.
And Google rolling out a new feature
allowing users to replace their existing
Gmail addresses with a new one while
retaining all their data and services.
[music] The updated guidance on email
address changes only appears on the
Hindi version of Google for now, but it
[music] says it will gradually roll it
out to other users. To all users. That's
your Bloomberg brief, Anne Marie.
Yahaira, there are two types of people
in this world. The people who just let
everything start building up in their
Gmails. Right now I'm looking at mine, I
have 180, 400, 180,485
emails. What person are you, Scarlet?
>> I tend to have a lot. I I won't say that
they're like in the triple digits
necessarily, but I have a lot. Well, I
just like I just don't open them and
then I just don't delete them. I just
like let it all build up. I'm not
reading obviously all of these. All
right, up next, a historic rally for
commodities.
We see commodities as a way to have an
inflation hedge within portfolios and
they work really well when they work
well and they don't work so well a good
portion of the time. I think the
question is how much can it continue?
Nadia Martin Wiggin of Svendlin Capital
joins us next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Under surveillance this morning, a
historic rally for commodities.
We see commodities as a way to have
[music] an inflation hedge within
portfolios and they work really well
when they work well and they don't work
so well a good portion of the time. So
certainly we've been in an environment
where that has been a very powerful
uptrend for a lot of these commodities.
I think the question is how much can it
continue?
Here's the latest gold and silver
jumping to all-time highs as escalating
geopolitical tensions boost [music] the
historic rally. Bloomberg's Tatiana
Darie joins us now. Tatiana, let's end
with the question we heard from Cameron
Dawson earlier this week. I think the
question is how much can it continue?
Can this rally continue? Well, we have
to ask ourselves if the macro conditions
and sort of the catalysts that are
playing into this rally will continue
and consensus think that they will. For
example, the structural bid from central
banks, that is expected to persist for
years to come as they want to diversify
away from dollar assets into gold and if
you look at geopolitical fractions, we
keep seeing more of that, right? Now
Venezuela, you
keep an eye on that one because
you cannot rule the risk of boots on the
ground there. You see more
you know, militancy escalating now in
Nigeria. So geopolitics is reviving that
premium yet again, but beyond that you
also have concern about Fed independence
going into next year. Let's not forget
about the Supreme Court tariff decision
which could really up end bonds and
rekindle that risk premium if fiscal
concerns return if the administration is
forced to issue refunds. So a lot of the
catalysts are in place and if you look
at the white metals, they've just
recently been added to the critical
mineral minerals list which opens the
the threat of tariffs going into next
year. So these are sort of the the big
tailwinds that the market has, but of
course we cannot discount the risk of
re-acceleration in the economy with the
Trump administration pushing that tax
bill and those provisions kicking in
into the next year. And a
re-acceleration in the economy would be
good news for the industrial metals like
platinum, like silver, like copper as
well. How are you thinking about the
demand that's coming in from ETFs
because that was a big driver at least
for gold? Yeah, exactly. For gold and
now they've actually spiked for the
rest. So what is being less appreciated
or less talked about is that ETF crowd
is has also piled in on this trade. And
in gold's specific case, ETFs have
actually bought more than central banks
by some estimates. I can only say that
because we don't have full visibility
into the central bank action, but if you
look at the data that we have available,
those ETF buyers have bought more than
central banks and they've returned to
this market for the first time in the
last 5 years. So if you look at the
history, that's poised to continue.
That's poised to offer another tailwind,
but it also leaves this market at risk
of
of just severe crashes when it all
reverses, right? ETF buyers and just
retail traders can get easily scared by
an unwind in this trade. So if you play
that trade, you have to be aware that
there could be some outsize move on the
downside as we've already seen on
Wednesday. I mean palladium crashed more
than four standard deviations. That will
stress your risk management. Tatiana,
you're very busy I imagine heading into
2026. Thank you so much for joining us
today. That was Bloomberg's Tatiana
Darie. Turning now to crude, keeping it
in the commodity space. Oil headed for
its biggest weekly gain since October.
Nadia Martin Wigan of Sveland Capital
writing the market was increasingly
preparing for prices in the 50s before
these Russian sanctions and increased
political risk in Venezuela short-term
while the pain threshold for Trump is
likely in the 70s. Nadia joins us now.
Nadia, there's three big geopolitical
stories with three big producers.
Venezuela, Nigeria overnight as well as
Russia. How do you see this all seeping
into the oil market?
Thank you. So number one is the concern
on the shipping side because the IEA,
all the forecasters have been saying
that we've been building supply versus
demand into Q4 and even by Sveland
Capital's analysis, we expect those
builds to be at around 1.2 million
barrels per day up to 1.5 million
barrels per day in the first quarter
while we have extremely high levels of
oil on the water. Why is that? Well,
we're having a delivery problem. Number
one, Russia is struggling to deliver oil
into China. There have been sanctions
put against
individual ports by the US that are
being enforced in in China. Then we have
India again pulling away from buying
this Russian crude. When initially we
had the Rosneft sanctions and Lukoil
sanctions announced, they pulled back.
They bought a lot of crude oil and then
they actually re-offered it and started
buying Russian oil again under the
headline of other barrels. We now saw in
the physical market in the last week
that they are again buying up other
producers' barrels because they're
worried about the US. We then have the
Venezuela side and that blockade is
meaning that Venezuela is unable to
export their 1 million barrels per day
of crude that they've been exporting and
they're also unable to import naphtha
which they import from Russia for
example to make that Venezuelan crude
liquid enough to to load onto a tanker.
So this military blockade
that that's the Trump administration is
focusing on rather than strikes is is
affecting that physical market on the
water coming out of Venezuela. Finally
on the Nigeria side, it just reminds the
market that there are geopolitical
tensions right now. There have been no
reported outages in Nigerian production.
Nigerian production is around 1.2
million barrels per day, but it raises
the risks of course.
Thank you for that, Nadia. So tell us a
little bit about gold because you have
something in your note that really
caught my attention. We're just talking
with Tatiana who's talking about central
bank buying being a source of strength
for demand for gold and also ETFs as
well, but you talk about Tether and how
there's a connection between Tether and
the rally in gold.
Yes, so this is where when we think of
that crypto world, it's not only looking
at the dollar anymore. They're launching
gold-backed coins and this is where
Tether, we know in the third quarter
bought around 35%
more physical gold than we had the world
the largest buyer which was the
Kazakhstani Central Bank. So this is
when we start to look at that demand
side. The new player in town town is on
the crypto side and they have an
understanding that it needs to be backed
and you know, we have US Treasuries and
then they're behaving like the Chinese
Central Bank that is not only holding US
Treasuries, it's also holding physical
gold in their vaults.
When it comes to physical gold, do you
going to potentially up your price
target for year and next year given this
historic rally we've seen this year?
Yes, our near-term target is around
$4,800
because of the momentum.
I know. I know. We're we're getting
there. I I it just in terms of the
momentum because what we've seen in the
part of the Chinese Central Bank in
particular is once we hit these all-time
highs and a lot of momentum, you know,
for a couple months, then they pull back
for a couple months. And this is where
Poland was the largest buyer and then
they kind of pulled back and then they
came back into the market in November.
We'll see where where they were in in
December, but this is where you know,
they they have a structured buying
program that they can affect on that
part. When it comes to the crypto side
in Tether, we just think that they will
continue buying
because comparatively
you know, they they have a lot of
bandwidth in terms of what they need to
build up. When we think about central
bank holdings and the Bank of England,
they have 660 million tons of gold. The
Kazakhstan Central Bank bought 16
million tons 16 tons, not million tons.
16 tons
of gold in the in the last quarter.
Nadia, thanks so much for your time this
morning. Don Nadia Martin Wigan of
Sveland Capital
and
of course earlier joining us Tatiana for
to discuss her outlook on what's going
on in terms [music] of the metals. We
have another hour prepared for you.
Coming up on the program, we're going to
be hearing part of our conversation
[music] Ed Ludlow had with Jensen Wong,
Sarah Coons of Cleo Capital, Eric Kane
of Bloomberg Intelligence plus Aaron
McLaughlin of the Conference
>> [music]
>> Board. You're watching Bloomberg
>> The crowding into those mega-cap names
has led to crowding out of many other
high-quality blue chip names.
>> Balanced portfolios make a lot of sense
heading into 2026. It could be in an
environment where we're still able to
carve out new highs. Earnings are going
to be what drives stock prices. We want
to make sure we're managing risk well
next year. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan [music]
Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz and Anne Marie
Hordern.
Good morning. 7:00 in New York. Welcome
to Bloomberg Surveillance. I'm Anne
Marie Hordern alongside Scarlet Fu this
morning. Jonathan still on paternity
leave. Lisa is off. We are having a
quiet morning on Wall Street at least
that is. It is not so quiet in the world
of geopolitics. Last night the United
States launched a military strike in
Nigeria against ISIS targets. The
administration is also still in pursuit
of a Venezuelan [music]
linked oil tanker. They've been in
pursuit of that tanker since Sunday and
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy
says he plans to meet Trump in the
coming days. Scarlet, [music] this
meeting could be as soon as Sunday. As
soon as Sunday and of course Ukraine has
more incentive to get this done quickly
whereas Russia can afford to sit back on
its heels and wait it out. And indeed
that's kind of been what's been
happening for the last couple [music]
weeks and months. You mentioned the
strike that the US did on Nigeria,
Northwestern Nigeria. And of course this
is the latest US military campaign
against a non-state adversary because
last week, as you know, the US launched
a large-scale air strike on
more than 70 targets across Syria
[music] in response to deadly attacks on
US forces.
>> And all of this at the same time as they
are still in pursuit [music] of
Venezuelan linked sanctioned oil
tankers. I believe this one was coming
from Iran. They have not been able to
get this tanker just yet. They still are
in pursuit of it. They've been [music]
in pursuit since Sunday. What's
interesting is all these stories are
moving one part of the market, and
that's in the commodity space.
Potentially, individuals are going to
places to hide [music] like precious
metals, like gold, which has seemed to
be on absolute tear this year, but also
oil. What's so interesting about oil is
when you think of Nigeria or Venezuela,
potentially [music]
that would mean the price should strike
higher. Yeah, the more pressure, but if
President Trump and Volodymyr Zelenskyy
are really [music] on the cusp of a
peace deal, and Russia potentially would
come along, and and you make [music] a
great point. At this moment, it doesn't
look like Russia right now is going to
come along with this peace plan, but
actually that would mean direction of
travel lower for the oil market. Right,
so the geopolitical tensions are
basically keeping oil right where it is,
and the backdrop to all of this, of
course, is there's plenty of supply.
There's no shortage of supply, [music]
thanks to OPEC. Yep, IEA was talking
about coming into this year with an
absolute glut of over 4 million barrels.
[music]
All right, coming up, Sarah Kunst of
Cleo Capital stocks trade near all-time
highs. Bloomberg's Laura Davison as
Ukraine and US gear up for another round
of peace talks, and Aaron McLaughlin of
the Conference Board as consumer
confidence continues to fall. We begin
this hour with stocks flat flat
following the latest record close. Sarah
Kunst of Cleo Capital issuing some
cautions for the year ahead, writing,
"I'm not super bullish on assets you
can't see. It's been a year to cap off a
few years of total AI dominance. Will it
continue? It doesn't look that way."
Sarah joins us now. Sarah, thank you so
much, and I loved your note. So, tell me
about the you're not super bullish on
assets you can't see. So, what are you
bullish on? Is it all just, you know,
gold and silver?
I mean, I certainly think when you look
at the way that we've seen that
appreciation across, you know, platinum,
gold, silver, those are huge gains. The
problem with those kinds of assets, of
course, is that they don't produce
anything. They don't grow in intrinsic
value. If you had an ounce of gold 10
years ago, you still only have an ounce
of gold. It's just worth a lot more on
paper at a melt price. And so, you know,
I I think right now we're just seeing a
bit of a struggle to figure out where to
focus that feels like there's going to
be some real solid fundamentals and
price appreciation, and that is very
hard needle to thread. Why is it so hard
to to figure out where to focus? Is it
just because of this holiday period or
because the data has been mixed when you
look into 2026?
I I think the data has been mixed for a
while. We all, obviously, when we look
at our little accounts, you know, we see
a huge amount of appreciation across the
AI names. There's a question of which
ones and how long can that run for. Some
of them I'm much more bullish on than
others. And so, I think that's part of
it. And then there's also a question
about sort of where's the consumer at?
How good is the data right now that
we're getting, particularly from the
federal government? And and so, there's
a lot of uncertainty, but at the same
time, people have been making a lot of
money over the last few years, and they
need to put it somewhere. They've been
making a lot of money, especially off
the AI trade, but as you point out,
there's a lot more skepticism. There's a
lot more discerning between the winners
and maybe the also-rans. And we're
seeing that play out in Oracle. The
bonds have not been doing as well. The
credit default swaps on Oracle have
certainly spiked as well.
How are you thinking through the
potential, not losers, but the also-rans
here of the AI narrative? Oracle seems
to be one that investors are fixated on,
but how else can you start to come up
with a list of companies that, you know,
maybe getting overextended because of
their link to or to AI?
Yeah, I mean, certainly anytime we we
hear the word credit default swap, we
all get our little numb flashbacks to
2008. You know, the reality is I think
that companies like SoftBank are are
doing some things that feel a little
risky. You know, you have SoftBank who's
sort of selling all of they they have
this this huge commitment to invest in
OpenAI, but to get that money to invest,
they have to go sell all of their Nvidia
shares. They have to figure out, you
know, where to get the cash from
internally by selling off private public
equities that are doing decently well to
put more money into OpenAI, which is a
company that, you know, at current rates
barely has enough runway to get through
'26. And and so, that's a little
concerning
in general. Sam's able to go figure out
how to raise money, but I don't know how
many times that trick is going to work
in the future because we know that the
subscription revenue isn't really there.
They're spending a tremendous amount of
money.
You know, a 15-second video on Sora can
cost them $5 to make. That's that's a
lot. And so, you know, there is concern,
I think, that some of these other
companies that aren't sort of
foundational are maybe just playing a
little bit too close.
Yeah, and when you look at the potential
winners here, obviously Nvidia because
of its role in the supply chain is
paramount, but you've also picked out
another winner that so far investors
agree with because you look at the
best-performing stocks in the Mag 7,
Alphabet is up 66%. Nvidia is the
second-best performer, up 40%. Why do
you see Alphabet as a clear winner here?
I have been a big fan of Alphabet in the
AI space since at least 2023. I've been
talking about this while everybody
around me was saying that Alphabet's
missing the moment, and I said, "No,
they created the moment, right?" You go
back to that 2017
academic paper, Attention Is All You
Need, which is sort of the Satoshi white
paper of AI.
And all of those founders, they were
onto something, and they've gone on to
create absolutely massive companies. A
lot of the early innovation at OpenAI
came out of Google alums. You know, my
company Grok, which just announced a big
transaction with with Nvidia, you know,
they came out of Google. Google has had
and continues to have some of the
absolute smartest researchers in the
world on AI, and they have the
infrastructure to say, "Hey, we're going
to bake Gemini into your search results,
into your enterprise results, into your
email, and you're going to pay us for it
because we are an advertising company."
And so, they have such a huge advantage.
It's been almost funny over the last few
years to hear people think that they
weren't playing the game when in reality
they kind of are the board. Sarah, does
it concern you though that we have a
circular economy of AI? These tech
companies just keep financing
themselves.
I I think that that's certainly
relevant, and I think that that's even
more relevant when you look at some of
the the startups. You know, kind of that
that everybody passes $100 around in a
circle and calls it GDP
is is both a meme, but also a real
cause, I think, for some concern. And
so, I think the question going into '26,
you're going to see people get a lot
savvier when they look at these
companies to say, "Where is this money
actually coming from, and is there an
end consumer,
an end enterprise who is actually paying
for AI, who's paying for this utility,
or is it just sort of everybody passing
money to the service provider to their
left?" What would it take for you to
like Oracle once again?
You know, Oracle historically has been a
perfectly good company because it is
boring. We don't have to think about it
much. I think that their fingers are in
a lot of pots right now. You know, you
see their founder and CEO, sorry, their
founder Larry Ellison, you know, has a
$40 billion personal guarantee so that
his son can do some succession-style
media company buying. They're, you know,
buying TikTok, and they're part of that
deal. They're just involved in a lot of
things right now that are very far away
from their sort of bread and butter. And
obviously, their close relationship with
Washington helps, but at the same time,
I don't know if all of these things are
going to work out the way they think
they will, and this is just a tremendous
amount of money that you're talking
about. And so, I would like Oracle to be
boring again.
>> [laughter]
>> Larry Ellison seems to like it the way
it is right now. Sarah, whether it's
Oracle, whether it's Alphabet, which is
your pick, or whether it is Nvidia,
which remains kind of the market's pick,
how are you thinking about the power
needed to generate all the
all the resources in order for these
data centers to be up and running, not
just at the start of this revolution,
but to take us through the next couple
of years? A lot of people are picking
utilities and thinking about nuclear
energy as the solution.
Yeah, I mean, this this kind of reminds
me back in the day you'd see this a lot
with with Bitcoin.
You know, you all of a sudden have
people getting really excited about
things like dams in northern New York or
you know, sort of where where do you get
this excess power from? I think that you
will see, kind of ironically, a focus on
renewables, a focus on clean energy
because it's often cheaper. So, where
can you get wind? Where can you get
solar? All of that. And and I think that
we're going to find out that a lot of
these sort of data center deals that
you're seeing across rural America and
the world, they're going to run into a
very real problem of places like Texas
where the electricity can be insanely
expensive because of the way that they
regulate their utilities. It's going to
be really, really tough to say, "Hey, we
have a bunch of empty land. Of course,
we're going to build a data center on
it, and now everybody who lives in a
300-mile radius is going to pay more for
electricity." I think you're going to
see a real amount of pushback that will
get political.
And and so, I think that that is going
to be one of the bigger questions right
now. I don't do much in utilities, but I
do think that it it might, in a very
sort of funny backwards way, help usher
in more of a green revolution. Sarah,
thanks so much for your time this
morning. Hope you had a lovely holiday
with you and your family. Sarah Coons of
Cleo Capital. We're going to be
speaking more about what's going on with
the day I sent day
AI data center buildout. But to Sarah's
point, it is a political issue. We've
already seen that happen in the Virginia
mid-midterm elections as well as in New
Jersey. Prices for electricity, even
though the president loves to talk about
drill, baby, drill, and gasoline prices
are down, but electricity prices are
actually high.
>> Yeah, and that tilted those states
towards uh candidates that were pushing
on affordability. Yep. Anyone talks
about affordability, that's your ticket
to to to winning. All right, let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere
watching this morning. Yahaira is back
with your Bloomberg Brief. Hey, Yahaira.
Hi, Anne Marie. [music]
The US launched a military airstrike
against ISIS targets in Nigeria.
President Donald Trump saying he ordered
the precision hits at the request of the
Nigerian government, which has been
struggling to contain [music] increasing
levels of terrorist attacks in parts of
the country. Defense Secretary Pete
Hegseth warning more strikes are coming
[music] if the group continues to target
innocent civilians.
Meanwhile, holiday travel is hitting a
major wall with a winter storm expected
[music] to descend on the tri-state
area. Over 400 flights have already been
canceled at JFK, [music] LaGuardia, and
Newark. Forecasters are expecting up to
8 in of snow from Friday afternoon
[music]
through Saturday, and New York City is
issuing a travel advisory for the
duration of the storm.
And Tesla is facing renewed scrutiny
over its door handles. The National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration
>> [music]
>> said it's evaluating claims that the
mechanical door release is, quote,
hidden, unlabeled, and not intuitive to
locate during an [music] emergency. The
move expanding the federal examination
of Tesla's doors following a Bloomberg
investigation. That's your Bloomberg
Brief, Anne [music] Marie. Thanks so
much, Yahaira. You know, Scarlet, what a
waste of almost up to 8 in of snow. If I
was in school, uh you know, I'd be very
upset cuz [music] you won't get a snow
day. The kids are already off.
>> know, it's good overall that it's
happening on a Friday night into
Saturday because you don't have as many
people commuting. Like people can afford
to stay off the roads. It's not working.
>> are are traveling. Heading to the
airports.
>> LaGuardia, Newark.
>> Maybe by Sunday it'll be all sorted out.
Yeah, [music] hopefully. All right, up
next on the program, Ukrainian President
Zelenskyy heading back to the US.
Optimistic peace talks [music]
potentially. Speaking of Sunday, that's
when reports are that he will be landing
in Florida. Bloomberg's Laura Davison
[music] joins us next for more on that
story. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Anne Marie Hordern. It
is the day after Christmas. We are
seeing very light volumes, thin trading
today, but
>> [music]
>> the markets are open even though the
president has made it a federal holiday.
S&P 500 futures are unchanged. On
[music] Wednesday, we did notch a 39
record high of the year. So, Santa Claus
rally at this moment somewhat in full
swing. [music] 10-year yield 4.13%. All
the action once again is in the
commodity space. Gold up 7/10 of a
percent, [music] surpassing 4,500 once
again, and silver at one point did pass
$75. It's now just shy of that, but we
are up 3.5%. [music]
Under surveillance this morning,
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy
saying he plans to meet with President
Trump in the coming days. Zelenskyy
signaling a lot could be decided before
the new year after a Christmas Day
sit-down with US envoy Steve Witkoff and
Jared Kushner. Bloomberg's Laura Davison
joins us now. Laura, thank you so much
for joining us. What can you tell us
about this potential meeting between
Trump and Zelenskyy?
Yes, so this meeting is scheduled to
happen as soon as Sunday, and this is
really a a market shift um from the tone
Zelenskyy was taking just a few days
ago, where he was a lot more pessimistic
that he uh believed that that the
Ukrainians and Russians could agree to a
peace deal. Um there's been you know,
weeks of sort of shuttle diplomacy with
US officials meeting with both Ukrainian
and Russian officials uh separately, but
never really making much of a
breakthrough. Uh the key sticking point
in this 20-point peace plan that's been
put together is uh whether it's
territorial issues and whether Ukraine
would be willing to give up some parts
of their territory that they they
currently still control. That has been
one key demand from the Russians.
Ukrainians have been quite quite sour on
that idea. So, Zelenskyy is going for
this face-to-face meeting down at
Mar-a-Lago with the president to hash
out some of these final details uh
potentially to move forward with a peace
plan.
And of course, we know that Ukraine has
been in deep negotiations with uh Steve
Witkoff and Jared Kushner on this uh
proposed 20-point peace plan. Has Russia
given any way at all in on on what it's
looking for? It's kind of waiting until
the last minute to to weigh in.
They have been waiting till the last
minute to weigh in. They have been very
clear that you know, what they want are
you know, kind of some of the contours,
sort of the maximalist view of of Russia
getting all of it at once that they
discussed back with Trump at this uh
summit in Alaska over the summer. Um so,
this is you know, kind of the the key
sticking point and where why we've heard
a lot of pessimism during these talks
and that you know, uh you know, Ukraine
has been sort of doing some negotiating,
but Russia has really stood firm. We'll
see you know, whether this meeting with
Trump and Zelenskyy is able to create
any breakthroughs that the Russians
might be able to agree to. Anne Marie
and I were talking earlier about how
there's definitely urgency on
Zelenskyy's part, on Ukraine's part, and
there doesn't appear to be much on
Russia's part. In terms of the president
and where he sees a timeline developing,
I know that initially he had set this
deadline of Thanksgiving for Ukraine to
agree to a peace deal with Russia. Do we
have any kind of targets in terms of
timelines?
He has not set a specific new timeline
here. Trump wants and has repeatedly
said he wants this done as soon as
possible. Though he's kind of suggested
that you know, if talks are progressing,
if he sees progress, he will let you
know, things drag on a little bit
forward to reach a deal. But you know,
Trump here, really his ultimate goal is
to get a deal so he can herald peace. He
is less concerned about the specifics,
but of course, that is very utmost
importance to the Russians and
Ukrainians. Yeah, Laura, I remember when
the president would say that he would
solve this crisis day one, at least when
he was on the campaign trail. Now we're
in the final week of 2025. At the same
time, they are still going after tanker
in Venezuela, and there were strikes
overnight on Nigeria. How is all this
you think going to play with his MAGA
base?
This is we've already started to see
cracks here. You know, of course,
Marjorie Taylor Greene, who is now
effectively you know, totally divorced
from the president, you know, was the
first to really criticize some of these
you know, overseas conflicts that the
president has been engaged in. But as
time goes on, as you know, particularly
if if the White House needs to go to
Congress for more money on that, this
could be a huge rift going into the
midterm elections. Laura, thank you so
much for joining us this morning.
Bloomberg's Laura Davison there. Turning
to the impact of artificial
intelligence, water constraints in Texas
threatening data center growth, calling
attention to resource demands. Eric Kane
of Bloomberg Intelligence joins us now
for more. I've heard a lot of people
throw cold water, excuse the pun, on
potentially what could be some of the
bottlenecks when it comes to AI. Tell us
about what's going on with water
specifically in Texas. Absolutely. It's
a good question. And one of the things,
of course, that we're seeing is there's
a lot of discussion about the energy
demands associated with AI. I think the
water demands are a little bit less well
understood. So, just to broaden the
context a little bit, one thing that we
see is predicted growth to about 1.1 to
1.7 trillion gallons of water used
annually for data centers
across the world, which is about four to
six times the amount that the country of
Denmark consumes. Within Texas, Texas
has become uh one of the
fastest-growing, you know, states for
data centers after Virginia. And in
Texas alone, what we're expected to see
is growth of water use associated with
AI of about eight eight
100% over the next several years. Wow.
So, if there's this much demand for
water, how do Texas regulators, Texas
authorities start to meet that demand?
What are some of the out-of-the-box
ideas that they're entertaining? Right.
It's it's a good question. One of the
things that we saw actually with this
last election cycle was the passing of
Proposition 4, which was actually a
constitutional amendment that was again
passed. And essentially, what that
amendment said is that
Texas voters wanted to allocate a
billion dollars a year to address water
scarcity,
water infrastructure, and also flood
control basically over the next 20
years. So, that will begin in 2027 and
go out for 20 years. So, in my mind, you
know, that starts to demonstrate that
voters, regular people, are starting to
recognize the concerns associated with
water.
And with respect to AI, what we're
starting to see, of course, is some of
the big operators, Meta, Microsoft, for
example, are starting to rethink how
they're ultimately using water and and
ultimately looking at closed-loop
systems, which they claim will
ultimately use far less municipal water.
Does that mean at the end of the day
that there's a natural constraint on how
many AI data centers can be built in
Texas? Assuming they are kind of
continue business as usual, where
they're continuing to draw as much water
as they do, and if you look at some of
the estimates, it's around 500, 000
gallons per day for kind of a a
medium-size facility. So, assuming they
wanted to continue business as usual,
then there would absolutely be kind of
natural constraints. But again, what
we're starting to see is some
innovation, and the state at large is
starting to take measure. They're
looking into more desalination
treatment. On the oil and gas side,
they're looking to actually filter the
produced water. Not only kind of take
minerals out of that, but also treat it
and potentially, you know, use that for
other
resources as well. You mentioned what
happened with um Proposition 4 in Texas.
Do you think we could see more federal
spending go to Texas specifically
because of these issues? It's it's a
good question. And you know, one of the
things that we've seen with the recent
administration
with respect to, you know, kind of any
funding related to environmental issues,
you know, impacts of climate, is
basically that funding has been removed,
right? So, we're starting to see uh
states having to essentially fend for
themselves when it comes to issues like
water or storm recovery. So, I don't
anticipate seeing a lot of that on the
federal level. I think that, you know,
the one example where maybe you would
see an exception to that rule is with
respect to agriculture. Obviously,
agriculture is a big, you know, driver
of GDP in Texas, and we've seen many
examples over the last year where things
like the cotton crop have been extremely
damaged by drought. Um, and you do see,
you know,
subsidies coming in in the case of
agriculture.
>> Well, it's a huge political issue, and
Scarlet and I have been talking about it
all morning with electricity prices
rising. Most people would say you need
an all of energy approach, but this
administration is also pausing wind
projects. Is that going to be a problem
for them? I think it is going to be a
problem. I think ultimately what we're
seeing, of course, is with the, you
know, development of AI not only in
Texas, but across the country, there's
going to be increased demand for energy,
right? We know, of course, that things
like natural gas and coal are ultimately
what the current administration kind of
prefers from an energy standpoint. Um,
but those are much slower to ultimately
build out than renewables. So, you know,
back at in Texas, what we're ultimately
seeing is, you know, some new deals
where they're ultimately looking to
collocate data centers with renewable
energy because it's cheaper, it's faster
to develop. Uh, so, we do ultimately
see, you know, potential kind of
bottleneck associated with energy. Yeah,
it's something that Sarah Kunst of Cleo
Capital was just talking about as well,
that build out of uh, green energy as a
way to solve for this. Are there other
states in a similar bind as in Texas? I
think so. I think, you know, Virginia is
another state um, that's has seen a
massive growth in kind of AI data
centers. Uh, so, we're starting, you
know, to see energy
concerns there, but, you know,
nationally and also uh, abroad, we're
starting to see the same issue play out.
Yeah, it's the electricity prices if
you're live near data center have been
going up. That was massive play in
Virginia when it comes to those
elections. Eric, thank you so much for
joining us and coming in on the day
after Christmas to be on the table with
Scarlet and I. Eric Kane of Bloomberg
Intelligence. The administration
potentially going to have a problem with
this. They love the AI trade. They want
to go all in, but the problem is if
electricity prices are going higher and
you see the polling, people just still
care about inflation and affordability.
And even betting on um, nuclear energy
is not as a problem a not a solution
that solves things immediately, right?
That's going to take a couple of years
to play out. And when it comes to coal,
did you see the president joking with a
child over the weekend during the NORAD
call center? Oh, no. What did he say? He
said I don't The child said I don't want
coal, and Trump said, well, you know,
it's clean, beautiful coal. Right? I
don't know if he sold it well. Yeah, I
don't think so. I don't think I want
coal, and I definitely don't think it's
clean or beautiful. Coming up, a look
back at Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow's
one-on-one with Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang.
Plus, Yahaira is back with your morning
movers. Miners getting a major boost as
precious metals hit new highs. You're
watching [music] Bloomberg Surveillance
this morning.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm AnneMarie Hordern
alongside Scarlet Foo this morning.
Jonathan is on paternity leave, and Lisa
is off, but she'll be with you next week
guiding [music] you into the new year.
Gang will be all back together in 2026.
We have markets relatively unchanged.
[music]
S&P 500 on Wednesday before Christmas in
the spirit of that Santa Claus rally, we
did have another record high, the 39th
[music]
record high for the year. Uh, the Santa
Claus rally traditionally takes place in
the final five [music] trading sessions
of the year and the first two of the new
one. So, potentially, Scarlet, we can
get another record high. I've been
thinking about how this year has been
basically [music] pre-liberation day,
post-liberation day, and once the market
was past what everyone says peak tariff
uncertainty, it was off to [music] the
races. Yeah, and there record highs
before liberation day and there record
highs after liberation day. Worth
mentioning as well that global stocks
have been on a tear. The All Country
World Index, according to MSCI, up for
seventh day and has now gained about 22%
this year. Wow, okay. So, maybe
potentially some individuals also
looking internationally. [music]
We're 2 hours away from the cash open.
Let's get you some morning movers with
Yahaira Anon. Hi, Yahaira. Hi,
AnneMarie. The trade that's worked all
year keeps paying off. Precious metals
are surging once again this morning,
[music] and we are seeing that helping
lift mining stocks. Cur Mining up 3%,
Hecla Mining up 2.6% as we see gold,
silver, and platinum [music]
reach fresh all-time highs. Fueled, of
course, by central bank buying,
geopolitical risks, the same stories
[music] we've heard about all year as
we've witnessed this precious metal
rally. Meanwhile, moving on to Micron,
if we hold at these levels, Micron is
set to open at a fresh [music]
all-time high. The stock is up 1.6% in
the pre-market on no real catalyst on
this quiet [music] day of trading, but
it is worth noting that this comes after
a 230% [music] run for this stock this
year. Fueled, of course, by strong
demand for its memory chips used in
everything from computers to AI servers.
And remember, [music] just earlier this
month, they had an earnings report, and
the CEO said that demand continues
[music] to outstrip supply, and they see
no signs of that abating anytime soon.
And we end on Biohaven stock. Those
shares are plummeting down nearly 15%
now in the pre-market [music] after one
of their experimental drugs to treat
depression failed to meet the goals in a
mid-stage study. Analysts say that it's
disappointing, but not entirely
surprising
>> [music]
>> given the complexity of these clinical
trials. AnneMarie. Yahaira, thanks so
much for that. On our radar this
morning, the US launching a military
airstrike against ISIS targets in
Nigeria. President Trump saying he
ordered the precision hits at the
request of the Nigerian government.
Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth warning
more strikes could be coming. Elsewhere,
a sanctioned oil tanker being pursued by
US forces turned away from Venezuela and
retreated out to the Atlantic Ocean.
Sources telling us here at Bloomberg the
US Coast Guard encountered the ship
Bella One and instructed it to move.
Officials do not expect it to return.
And holiday travel is hitting a major
wall with a winter storm expected to
descend on the tri-state area. Over 400
flights have already been canceled at
JFK, LaGuardia, and Newark. Forecasters
are expecting up to 8 inches of snow
from Friday afternoon, that's today
around 4:00 p.m. through Saturday. Let's
stick with that story. Heavy snow
expected to begin in New York City area
later today. The winter storm already
canceling hundreds of flights in the
middle of holiday travel. AccuWeather's
Bill Waddell joins us now with the
latest. Bill, what do we need to know?
Hey, good morning. Yeah, this is going
to be a messing storm, a lot of impacts
for holiday travelers. The good news is
it's going to be a quick-moving storm,
and the timing, hopefully a lot of
people won't have to be traveling
through the worst of it. So, you can see
on the map already we've got the snow,
wintry mix through Michigan moving its
way on east here. And when it comes to
the snow impacts, New York City,
AccuWeather's looking at 3 to 6 inches
of snow for the city. Uh,
Philadelphia, Boston, uh, 1 to 3 inches
of snow. But, take a look at this dark
blue zone here right north of New York
City, Catskill Mountains. AccuWeather
meteorologists say this is the zone
where we could see 6 to 12 inches of
snow. That's not the only problem with
the storm. There's a really messy
component here. Take a look at these
dark pink areas, southern Michigan
including Lansing as well as central and
western Pennsylvania. This is where we
could see those icy impacts could be
significant in those areas. So, there
could be a mix of sleet, ice pellets,
freezing rain. The big concern here in
these areas, if we start to see any ice
accumulations on the power lines or tree
branches being weighed down,
that's where we could see some big
problems with some power outages. So,
you could see this is a big messy storm
here. And when it comes to the
weather impacts expected across the
Great Lakes into the northeast. Also,
our friends on the west coast as well
still dealing with a lot of rain
flooding issues and mountain snow.
Absolutely. Boy, that that paints a real
picture of uh, everything that travelers
need to contend with. Bill, let's just
very quickly to follow on what you said
about what's happening on the west
coast. Any relief on the way for
southern California?
There is some relief on the way. They've
really been getting it the past few days
here. But, when we look at the map,
today is supposed to be the last big day
for the rain impacts before things
really start to wind down here. But, Los
Angeles, more than 2 inches of rain in
some spots. It's really those mountains
and the burn scar areas. I was out there
covering those big wildfires back in
January. Of course, all of the soil left
charred. So, all of this rain running
down the mountainsides, that's where the
big concern is for those mudslides,
debris flows. That's why so many people
were asked to leave their homes
voluntarily over Christmas. Bill, thank
you so much for this update. Bill
Waddell of AccuWeather. Scarlet, that's
pretty incredible. 5 to 9 inches of
snow, which is what the National Weather
Service is expecting. I think Bill said
actually could be as high as 12 inches
of snow in the tri-state area.
>> Yes, in certain pockets, and freezing
rain just makes it even more complicated
for anyone who does need to get out of
their house after this quick-moving
snowstorm, but that makes it not so
quick in the end.
>> Yeah, everyone, please be safe out
there. And also, if you're flying, check
your flights. Turning back to stocks,
Nvidia shares are up nearly 40% this
year, nearly doubling the performance
that of the Nasdaq 100. The company's
Blackwell chip becoming the engine of
the AI industry this year. In an
exclusive interview, the company CEO
Jensen Huang told Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow,
Blackwell says he says he says no sign
of slowing down.
Sales are off the charts for Blackwell.
And
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud are sold out.
We got plenty of Black Wells to sell
you.
We have lots of Black Wells coming.
We're making a lot of Black Wells, and
we have a bunch of Vera Rubins coming.
And so
business is very, very strong.
But we've planned our supply chain
incredibly well. We have the largest
supply chain in the world.
Our partners TSMC,
our memory partners SK Hynix, Micron,
Samsung are doing a fantastic job
supporting us.
And all of our systems partners Foxconn
and Quanta and Wistron, our packaging
partners, everybody's doing a fantastic
job supporting us. And we've done a good
job planning for a very, very strong
year. And we've done a good job planning
for Vera Rubin.
So, sales are off the charts.
Nvidia GPUs in the cloud is sold out.
But we've got a bunch of Black Wells to
sell. Jensen, what's the road ahead for
Vera Rubin? It's one of the most common
questions we get for you of how that
ramp will go relative to what we saw
with the Blackwell generations.
Well, the silicon for
uh Vera Rubin, seven different chips,
are back in our labs. And the bring up
is happening across engineering teams.
Probably a couple of 20,000 people are
working on bringing up Vera Rubin from
silicon to systems to software to
algorithms. People are working around
the clock. And this bring up is going
beautifully.
We're on track to deliver Vera Rubin
about
Q3 time frame of next year.
Continuing our once a year cycle.
Vera Rubin is already
assured a huge success. Everybody's
incredibly excited about it. Can't wait
to show everybody.
And then one last thing is that the rack
architecture, the rack scale
architecture is completely
revolutionary.
It includes a scale-up switch called the
NVLink. NVLink 72, our fifth generation,
is the only one of its kind in the
world.
This rack architecture, which is
incredibly complex, started with Grace
Blackwell.
Then Grace Blackwell Ultra.
It is
transition to Grace Blackwell Ultra is
incredibly seamless.
The same rack
rack scale architecture is going to be
used for Vera Rubin. And so the supply
chain is all used to it. This complexity
that we enjoyed with Grace Blackwell
transition, we're now incredibly smooth
running. And so I think Vera Rubin's
going to be just really smooth and and
we're going to ramp it really hard.
Jensen, I tried to go through what the
CFO Colette Kress said about China. In
the quarter gone, it seemed like there
was not meaningful H20 sales because the
demand wasn't there even if you were
permitted to sell H20. And then in the
current period and going forward, Nvidia
seems committed to working with both the
United States and China to to sell what
what uh
Colette called more competitive compute.
Where do we stand with that? And and and
could you just clarify what what Colette
was talking about in the current state
of play for China?
The most important thing she said
is that we've said for some time now our
forecast for China is zero.
All of our forecast that guidance that
we showed zero.
We should start that's the most
important thing that she said. She also
said that effectively China's a very
important market to us. It's very
important to United States. It's very
important to China.
We would love the opportunity to be able
to re-engage the Chinese market with
excellent products that we deliver and
to be able to compete globally.
The Chinese market is very large.
This year, my guess is probably about
$50
It's great for the American people that
we're able to compete in the Chinese
market. It's great for the China market
that we're able to provide
Nvidia's technology to them. It's great
for the rest of the world as Chinese
software companies and Chinese open
source models leave China and are used
all over the world. And so I think it's
fantastic that we're able it would be
fantastic if we're able to participate
in the China market. But for now, we
should just assume the mark our Nvidia's
forecast for China market is zero. We're
going to continue to to engage the US
government, continue to engage the China
government to advise them and to
encourage them to allow us to go back
and compete in the open market. And so
until then, we should assume zero.
Jensen, we can see where the
hyperscalers are getting the money,
where they have the money to deploy and
build. But you mentioned Anthropic. With
Anthropic or indeed OpenAI, they have
tens of billions of dollars of
commitments um around the world. Very
simple, like how do you know that OpenAI
is good for it? That it will be able to
find the money.
Well, we're thoughtful
along with OpenAI thoughtful in uh
aligning on and taking into
consideration
visibility of demand
and their financing capabilities.
All of that has to be in accordance, has
to be aligned, has to be coherent uh
before we start to build out. And so I
think the the uh the ambition's large,
but the execution is disciplined.
And that's really, really important to
recognize. We're very disciplined with
our investment, we're disciplined with
our build out. Um these are very large
scale investments. And so the two teams
are quite disciplined, very disciplined
in thinking through the investment
levels. Now, it's also important to take
a step back and realize that OpenAI,
Anthropic these are the fastest growing
company in the history of humanity.
Their off-take
their end market demand is absolutely
real and absolutely incredible. And you
could see that they're really struggling
to keep up with the demand that they
have. The engineering teams, we work
incredibly hard to make sure that we
bring them on more capacity, but also
optimizing their stack so that the usage
of whatever capacity is as sufficient as
possible. And meanwhile, there's so many
new use cases that they want to put back
put out into the world and this
currently limited by the capacity they
have. And so this is a really important
time. You're seeing an exponential
growth in the amount of compute demand
necessary for AI. You're seeing an
exponential growth of adoption and use
of AI.
And the number of applications that are
going to be using these AI is also
growing. And so we've got to do our best
to support the scaling out of two of the
most consequential companies in history.
And uh we're delighted to be part
partnered with them.
Jensen, investors have been worrying
about depreciation.
Software can actually extend life. Like
there are A100s out there in the real
world still at full utilization.
Um
are people underestimating how long your
chips stay useful? Or are they kind of
misunderstanding
in the context of depreciation how
you're handling generation to generation
updates of GPU?
Nvidia
is
unlike any other accelerator.
And the reason for that
is because of CUDA's
diversity of capability and versatility.
Remember I said two things earlier.
I said the fact the fact that Nvidia
participates and could accelerate every
phase of AI. Pre-training,
and inference. We're the only
architecture in the world that does that
fantastically. The second thing we do,
at least we we run every single model.
And so most agentic systems, most clouds
are running so many different diverse
type of models, language models, vision
models, biological models, chemical
models for all the different fields of
science.
Nvidia could be used across the entire
lifespan of uh the technology. And so if
you look at products that we shipped
Ampere A100, we shipped six years ago.
But because we're continuing our
installed base is so large, our
diversity is so great
we could continuously update our
software, bring value to our customers
on the one hand, but because our
versatility is so great
based on the capability they need, they
could use our GPUs for a very, very long
time. Now remember, A100 six years old.
However, it is still an order of a
magnitude faster than any CPU could put
to bear. So it is still the best
computer. It is still the best processor
for much of the workload in the cloud.
And most people misunderstand that
because unlike
unlike us, most accelerators are kind of
singular use.
Because they don't have diversity,
because they don't have versatility,
because they're not great at every phase
of AI, once they're used for whatever
they were designed to do their value
falls off a cliff. That is not true with
Nvidia.
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang in one of his
many conversations he had with
Bloomberg's Ed Ludlow in 2025. Let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere we're
watching this morning. Here's your
Bloomberg Brief with Yahaira. Hey
Yahaira. Hi Anne Marie.
Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib
Razak has been found guilty of abuse of
power and money laundering in connection
>> [music]
>> to a multi-billion dollar fraud case.
Najib, already in jail due to other
convictions, has [music] denied any
wrongdoing and can appeal or apply for a
pardon. He's due for release in 2028.
Meanwhile, oil prices are headed for
their biggest weekly gains [music] since
late October. This fight comes amid the
partial US blockade of crude shipments
from Venezuela and a military strike by
Washington against a militant group
>> [music]
>> in Nigeria. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that the White House has
ordered commanders to quarantine
Venezuelan oil for the next 2 months,
which could [music] keep prices
elevated.
And Japan's inflation cooling more than
expected in December, [music] pushing
the yen lower. Prices excluding fresh
food rose 2.3% compared to last [music]
year. The data supporting the case for
the Bank of Japan to take a cautious
approach on further rate hikes.
Economists expecting [music] the bank to
raise rates roughly every 6 months.
That's your Bloomberg Brief, Emery.
Yeah, thanks so much. You'll have her
back with us in about 30 minutes [music]
time. Up next, consumer headwinds.
The consumer is facing significant
headwinds as we wrap up the year. The
consumer is not nearly as euphoric in
this holiday season
as they were in previous ones. Aaron
McLaughlin of The Conference Board will
be joining us next. A conversation you
don't want to miss. Yes, you're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Good morning and under surveillance this
morning, we're going to be looking at
the consumer and the headwinds that lie
ahead.
The consumer is facing significant
headwinds as we wrap up the year. Labor
growth is zero, wage growth is
compressing significantly, inflation is
up. That is not a good combination for
spending, [music] for household spending
in the new year. The consumer is not
nearly as euphoric in this holiday
season
>> [music]
>> as they were in previous ones. Here's
the latest US consumer confidence
dropping for a fifth consecutive month
in December, according to fresh data
[music] from The Conference Board. Aaron
McLaughlin of The Conference Board
writing, "Expect real GDP growth to
weaken [music] amid a fragile balance of
resilient labor markets and softening
consumer demand due to tariff-induced
>> [music]
>> inflation." Aaron joins us now. Aaron,
thank you so much for joining us and
hopefully you had a lovely holiday. When
it comes to the consumer and that the
latest readout, I was struck by how more
consumers are actually starting to
actually be also worried about keeping
their job.
Yes. So, we find that consumers really
tighten up when they don't have jobs.
And so, the concept of deteriorating
business conditions,
the weight of tariffs and inflation,
all definitely influence consumer
spending and consumer sentiment. But,
concepts around rising unemployment,
we've seen it tick up now to 4.6. And
the concepts there are less jobs out
there. Jobs are not as plentiful will
really weigh on the consumer in 2026.
We know the government shutdown did not
help matters. It made people feel more
nervous and it certainly created a lot
of uncertainty. And I know it's over,
but I bring this up because we could
face another government shutdown in
January as well. So, how do we fold in
the government shutdown and what that
does to consumer sentiment even as it's
become a more frequent occurrence?
Well, that was the longest shutdown
we've had in modern history that we just
had. It certainly impacted economists,
it impacted consumers.
Especially this year, consumers are just
facing it's sort of constant news about
politics, geopolitics,
tariffs, inflation, and that constant
news impacts them. And so, another
government shutdown will certainly also
impact them even if they don't feel the
immediate effects of a shutdown. And
sort of the news today and the concept
that there could be rising oil prices
and oil and gasoline, excluding fuel oil
for homes, has been pretty, you know,
low as far on the inflation spectrum.
But, even news like we're hearing today,
if prices go up, how does that impact
consumers?
The administration has been out there
trying to paint a picture of a robust
economy. Howard Lutnick, the Commerce
Secretary, went on to talk about the
third quarter GDP
growing more than 4% and how that was a
sign that things were better. He also
mistakenly equated that with an increase
in people's pay as well. How is that
contradiction, that seeming
contradiction of data that shows the
economy's holding well holding up well
uh
balancing with this sense from consumers
that things are not getting better
necessarily, especially on the job
front?
Well, consumers are not paying attention
to GDP the way that we are,
>> [laughter]
>> in the way that economists and business
and financial markets are necessarily
paying attention to these readings. What
they really feel is the effects of
prices for things that they buy every
week, every day, every month. And so,
those things include coffee, which has
gone up in price 20 to 40%. Beef and
other proteins at the grocery store have
gone up. And some big structural costs
have really not come down. The cost of
housing and in particular insurance and
the price of a mortgage, while it has
come down a little bit, is nowhere near
as low as it was pre-pandemic.
And so, when you see some of these
really big price structural changes
happen, that also weighs on consumer
sentiment. What about when you look at
trade-induced
inflation? What are you looking at for
next year, given the fact that this
administration will be renegotiating
USMCA? Yes. We really think that federal
policy, particularly around trade and
tariffs, is going to have a huge impact
on consumers next year.
Our three largest trading partners are
Mexico, followed by China, followed by
Canada. Those three trading partners,
our agreements with them are not
settled. You know, we sort of kicked the
can down the road 12 months from China,
from November of this past year to
November of next year. And then the
USMCA, which is essentially NAFTA
version two, will enter a version three
phase as it can be renegotiated and that
deadline is in July. And there is so
much that we just trade between our
three largest trading partners that
there is really the potential for a lot
higher inflation and price pressures on
consumers for some items that we get
that again are include non
discretionary as well as discretionary
items like food.
Aaron, thank you so much for joining us
this morning. Really appreciate your
insight. Aaron McLaughlin of The
Conference Board. Come out of the
program another hour with Scarlet and
myself, Victoria Fernandez of Crossmark,
and also a conversation with [music] the
City CEO, Jane Fraser, looking back at
2025 and what it's meant for banking.
You're watching Bloomberg [music]
Surveillance. Good morning.
>> [music]
[music]
>> The crowding into those mega-cap names
has led to crowding out of many other
high-quality blue-chip names.
>> Balanced portfolios make a lot of sense
heading into 2026. It could be in an
environment where we're still able to
carve out new highs.
>> Earnings are going to be what drives
stock prices. We want to make sure we're
managing risk well [music] next year.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and
Annmarie Hordern.
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Annmarie Hordern
alongside Scarlet Foo on this Friday.
It's 8:00. Jonathan is still on
paternity leave and Lisa is off. As
we've been saying, it's been very thin
trading [music] on this holiday season.
We are in the midst of the Santa Claus
rally. So, Wall Street is quiet, but
there's a lot of noise elsewhere,
especially when it comes to geopolitics.
>> Last night, the United States launched a
military strike in Nigeria [music]
against ISIS targets. The administration
is still in pursuit of a
Venezuelan-linked oil tanker. They've
been [music] doing that since Sunday.
And we're getting some more breaking
news at this potential meeting that
could take place between Ukrainian
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and
President Donald Trump. There was
speculation it could happen as soon as
Sunday and he's telling reporters that's
what he expects. Yeah, we haven't heard
officially from the White House whether
this meeting is going to [music] take
place or not. So, that remains to be
seen. And of course, we're still waiting
to hear from Russia overall on any kind
of response [music] to this 20-point
peace plan that the two sides have been
the three sides really have been
negotiating. What Russia has
continuously been doing is trying to
draw out [music] these talks.
>> Mhm. Ukraine says they've had no direct
communication with Russia. Potentially,
did this could this [music] meeting on
Sunday push them to having at minimum a
trilateral agreement? Zelenskyy [music]
says sensitive issues such as Donbas,
Zaporizhzhia, the nuclear power plant
will be discussed. That's Europe's
biggest nuclear power plant.
>> All these countries want [music] access
to it. It's going to come down to these
territorial negotiations. Right. The
sticking points have always been the
sticking points, even [music] if they
seem to have made some progress on
security guarantees. Absolutely. Let's
check in where markets are this morning.
We are 90 minutes away from the [music]
open. We do have equities unchanged.
Surprise, surprise.
>> Surprise, surprise. As Scarlet and I
have been saying, it's thin trading,
it's the holiday, but we did have a
Santa Claus rally. Going into literally
Christmas when Santa Claus came.
We had the S&P 500 You know, we have to
say that we do have some children
watching, like my nephews. We did have
the Santa Claus rally, 39th record high
of the year.
And all the action has been in the
commodity space, especially right now
given the geopolitical tension. Silver
just shy of $75, up 3 and 1/2%. Gold,
4,500.
People are looking at 5,000 for next
year. It's been on a tear this year.
Biggest rally we've seen since 1979.
Gold has been up 50%.
>> And you're right to highlight gold and
silver, but we should also throw in
there platinum and copper as well. Both
at record highs. Platinum topping $2,400
an ounce. There's a lot of physical
demand
fairly strong for the auto sector and
for the jewelry sector, but there's also
supply disruptions in South Africa. And
that's kind of a similar theme in copper
as well. Ongoing supply concerns and you
can add to that the possibility of
tariffs as well.
>> Exactly. It's a perfect storm really for
some of these commodities. Coming up on
the program, Victoria Fernandez of
Crossmark Global Investments with stocks
trading near all-time highs. Louise Chen
of Scotiabank Out Capital with an
outlook on pharma stocks for 2026 and
Deborah Weinswig of Coresight Research
recapping the holiday shopping season.
We begin this hour with stocks aiming to
extend the year-end rally. Victoria
Fernandez of Crossmark Global
Investments writing, "We begin the year
with equity valuations at somewhat rich
levels and lots of optimism already
baked into those valuations, setting a
high bar for positive surprises and
paving the way for moderate returns."
Victoria joins us now. Victoria, thank
you so much for joining us. If the bar
is so high for next year, do you think
we are going to see some sort of
correction in the markets?
I think we will, Anne Marie, and it's
typical that you'll see that in a
midterm election anyway. So, you add in
the element of coming into the year at
high valuations and you're setting
yourself up for that. I mean, you
typically look at a midterm election
year and coming into that year, you've
already priced in those pro-growth
components, the optimism around things
being positive after a new
administration comes into term. And as
those positive elements actually come to
fruition in a midterm election year, you
start to see some pullbacks, some
intra-year corrections. Sometimes up to
as much as 15, 16, 17% you can see. So,
there's a lot of volatility. You usually
get higher yields, so we wouldn't be
surprised to see yields move a little
bit higher as well. Setting this up for
a year where you're going to see a lot
of churning, but have moderate returns.
Not like we're going to, you know, like
we've seen the last couple years with
these huge returns. So, do you think
we're going to see investors want to
have more defensive trades? Could we see
also rotation in the market?
Yeah, we're already seeing some of that
rotation. Not necessarily into staples
per se, right? Staples are still
struggling. So, you're not getting that
full-on defensive shift, but what you
are seeing is people come out of some of
those high-flyers, those hyperscalers,
the high
leverage tech or not leverage, but the
the high valuation tech names that are
out there. You're seeing them trim those
names back and going into some areas
where you're starting to see uptrends in
the sector. So, whether it's health
care, whether it's metals like you guys
were talking about.
We've seen it in financials, we're
seeing it in industrials. There's
opportunities there to go in. Staples
are still dragging. So, we haven't seen
like I said that full rotation to
defensive, but I think you're going to
want to have a little bit of that in
your portfolio if we get a typical
midterm year like we normally do. Let's
face it, Victoria. It's going to be
pretty quiet until mid-January when
corporate earnings come out for the
fourth quarter numbers. And given that
we had this government shutdown the
longest on record disrupt the flow of
economic data, it feels like there's
going to be more importance placed on
what companies say, especially how they
forecast things for the coming year than
what we've been getting from official
data. What are you thinking in terms of
the big themes you're anticipating from
some of those sectors that you
mentioned?
Yeah, I think everyone's going to be
looking at the CAPEX, not just for those
AI names, but across the board. That's
really a driver, I think, of some of the
optimism that we have is this increase
in CAPEX. Some of that due to the OB3
bill that was passed and the tax
advantages associated with that. But we
know CAPEX helps growth, it gives you
increased productivity, increased
profitability. So, people will be
watching for that CAPEX component. I
think we're also going to be looking at
those retail names to see how does that
consumer continue to spend. We know
there's this divergence and it's going
to be focused on the high-income
consumer. Will they continue to support
the economy with their spending? So,
we'll be paying a lot of attention to
that. And really what the expectations
are for profit margins. Whether you're
looking at EPS growth, revenue growth,
or profit margins, those numbers are
getting really high for 2026 and going
into 2027, I think people are going to
want to see can they actually see those
numbers come to fruition or are those
going to be pulled back some? So, those
will all be elements to watch in
earnings. And I'm so glad you
highlighted CAPEX because when the AI
buildout first began, CAPEX was
something that was seen as almost a
positive because it showed a company's
commitment to the future. However,
increasingly it's become something of a
burden, something that stretches their
balance sheet. What's the sentiment
towards CAPEX because if you don't have
any ROI to show for it immediately, is
it going to be seen as a negative?
That's exactly right. You've got to be
able to see that there's some kind of
return that you're getting on the money
that you're investing, especially if
it's disrupting your balance sheet. And
I think that's the issue people are
going to watch. It's very much company
specific cuz you can look at something
like Oracle where they're having to go
to the debt market, their free cash flow
is going to be drawn down significantly.
That's a very different story than
looking at someone like an Alphabet
where they're still going to have very
strong free cash flow. Yes, they can go
to the debt market, but that free cash
flow number continues to be strong, so
there's not as much concern when it
comes to a company like that. It'll
really be driving down into the balance
sheet to see how is the CAPEX going to
affect cash flow going forward? What
does that mean in
terms of earnings? What does that mean
in terms of dividends if it's a dividend
paying stock? Those are all elements
that will play into what CAPEX looks
like for each specific company, but as a
whole, we know it's typically supportive
of GDP and productivity. So, people will
be they'll be biased towards positivity
as long as the balance sheets can handle
it.
>> Victoria, you mentioned that midterm
election years tend to be high growth
years. What are you expecting from the
administration to make sure they keep
that growth continuing?
Yeah, I think we're going to see not
just some stimulus coming for the
consumer, but we'll see it for
corporations as well. So, we talked
about CAPEX, what that looks like,
R&D. There's going to be benefits
associated with R&D and building
infrastructure here in the US, so that
onshoring benefit. But consumers as
well, there's a lot of tax advantages
for consumers. Not just no tax on tips,
but you're looking at interest on car
payments, you're looking at changes in
regards to salt taxes, in regards to the
child deductions that you get. There's a
lot of elements there that I think will
be beneficial to the consumer as well
that will lift them up for at least
probably the first half of the year.
Those are some of the things that I
think you'll see coming specifically
from the administration. And there's
always talk about something new, right?
We're hearing talks about checks being
given because of the tariffs that have
come in and the elements that that are
positive there. So, all sorts of things
that I think could boost consumers in
the first quarter coming from the
administration. And then add on to some
of the things you have like the World
Cup coming, 250th birthday party for the
nation. All of these things that will
generate more activities here in the US
and generate more GDP. I'm certainly
looking forward to the World Cup. But
when it comes to things like tax tax
reforms, do you think consumers, because
they know it's coming, do you think
consumers are already out there spending
that money right now in the holiday
season?
They might be in anticipation of that,
so it could be less of effect. It kind
of goes to that point that we're saying
where you come into the year with a lot
of those growth elements already built
in for your optimism, for what you
think's going to happen in the market.
And when it comes to fruition, there's
not much of an effect. That could be
part of it. They could be spending that
now, but it seems like lower income
consumers really are holding on right
now. You're not seeing savings rates go
down tremendously, which is telling us
that it's the high-income consumer
that's really spending. Low-income
consumers are not dipping in to those
savings just yet. And year-over-year
holiday spending for that cohort is
actually negative. So, I think they're
they're holding back a little bit,
waiting to see what happened. And a
little bit of extra cash coming in next
quarter could be a benefit for them.
Well, high-income consumers are spending
in part because of the wealth effect.
Anne Marie has told us several times
about how the S&P 500 closed at a record
high for 39th time on Wednesday. If
there's a sudden market pullback, if we
see those gains unravel, how quickly
could we see the wealth effect work in
reverse?
Yeah, I think that's actually, you know,
something we really need to watch,
Scarlet. So, you're right. Lower income
consumers spend based on what they're
making, right? What their salaries are
and what the job market looks like.
High-income consumers do spend based on
wealth effect. So, as long as the market
is doing well, they're going to spend.
If we see that pullback, if we see the
volatility that we think we'll see in
2026, you should see the high-income
consumer pull back a little bit. They
won't stop spending completely because
they still have the job component there.
But as they see housing prices maybe
start to come back a little bit, as they
see the market pull back a little bit,
their spending will start to shift
slightly. I think that means you have to
be a little bit more cautious on those
more expensive
retail companies that are out there.
Those high-income retail companies will
probably suffer a little bit if that
happens. So, there'll be a much lower
level of spending that will occur.
Victoria, let's just end on the big
debate going into next year in financial
markets in terms of the Fed's next move.
What are you pricing in for 2026?
Yeah, we're really only pricing in one
cut for 2026. We think they'll hold in
January just because there's still a a
of unknowns going on. We did have a
strong GDP number, um but they do have a
whole month of January to wait. They'll
get more inflation numbers, they'll get
more job numbers. We'll see what
happens. But the debate here, I really
think, is where is neutral and how
accommodative are we right now? I think
that's the underlying battle that's
going on at the Fed, um and how
accommodative do they want to be in
order to not um stoke kind of the flames
of inflation. That'll be the battle we
continue to see. We think we're probably
closer to neutral than what many people
think, which means there'll be fewer
rate cuts going forward. Victoria, thank
you so much for your time this morning.
Hope you had a lovely Christmas with
your family. Victoria Fernandez of
Crossmark Global Investments. Let's get
you an update on stories we're watching
elsewhere this morning. Yahaira's back
with your Bloomberg Brief. Hey Yahaira.
Hi Anne Marie. Ukrainian President
Volodymyr Zelenskyy saying he plans to
meet with President Trump in Florida on
Sunday. Speaking [music] to reporters,
Zelenskyy going on to say that a
framework for a deal between the US and
Ukraine is almost ready. [music] The
Kremlin meanwhile saying its
representatives have contacted the US at
President Putin's direction and agreed
to continue their dialogue. [music]
Meanwhile, the US launched a military
airstrike against ISIS targets in
Nigeria. President Trump saying he
ordered [music] the precision hits at
the request of the Nigerian government
which has been struggling to contain
increasing levels [music] of terrorist
attacks in parts of the country. Defense
Secretary Pete Hegseth warning more
strikes are coming if the group
continues to target [music]
innocent civilians.
And copper prices are trading at record
highs across [music] global exchanges
adding to substantial gains made this
year as investors bet on tighter global
supplies in [music] 2026. Metals overall
have made big gains in December with
[music] copper expected to be a major
beneficiary of the world's energy
transition and prices received an
additional lift from a slump in the US
dollar. [music] That's your Bloomberg
Brief, Anne Marie. Yahaira, thanks so
much. All right. Coming up next on the
program, Louise Chen will be joining us
of [music] Scotia Capital with a bullish
outlook on pharma stocks for 2026.
That's coming up next. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance.
We see a huge amount of appreciation
across the AI names. Um there's a
question of which ones and how long can
that run for? Some of them I'm much more
bullish on than others. Um and so I
think that's part of [music] it. And
then there's also a question about sort
of where's the consumer at? How good is
the data right now that we're getting,
particularly from the federal
government? Um [music] and and so
there's a lot of uncertainty, um but at
the same time, people have been making a
lot of money over the last few years and
they need to put it somewhere. That was
Sarah Kunst of Cleo Capital. [music]
Good morning and welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Anne Marie Jard
alongside Scarlet Fu today. We do have
markets relatively unchanged going into
the opening bell. It is a shortened
holiday week with Christmas and next
week as well with New Year's Eve. Um but
you do see stocks continue to trade
around that all-time [music] record
high. Turning now to pharma, Louise Chen
of Scotia Capital bullish on the sector
[music] entering the new year writing,
"We believe large cap biopharma stocks'
multi-year underperformance relative to
other sectors and the major indices
create a good entry point ahead of the
next wave of innovation." Louise Chen
joins us now. Louise, thank you so much
for joining us. When you look at
potentially this space in 2026, what
exactly do you like?
Yeah, so when I look into 2026,
um you know, we cover about 15 or so of
these large cap pharma stocks. I really
like There's two stocks that I like. I
like J&J because I think that the uh
underlying performance is really strong
and that's going to become more evident
as the company continues to execute. And
then I also like some of these trough PE
multiple kind of stocks. Uh there's
about three of them in our coverage
universe that would be Merck, Teva, and
also Bristol Myers. And of those two, I
like Merck and uh
uh Pfizer the best of those companies.
And the reason that I like them is
because I feel that their pipelines are
underappreciated. They've got a good
plan and I think they're going to beat
expectations in 2026.
When you look at this space though, two
names you have not mentioned. One, Eli
Lilly, um and they are potentially going
to be on the heels of what we just saw
from Novo Nordisk with Wegovy in
creating these injections for weight
loss diabetes to now be taken as a pill.
Is that going to be really
changing the landscape for next year?
Oh, I think it's going to really change
the landscape. Um I do like Lilly. We
have a sector outperformer Lilly, but I
don't need to tell you what everybody
already knows that Lilly's a great stock
and they're going to continue to
outperform expectations. Uh so, yeah. Uh
the oral pill is going to be huge. And
the reason it's going to be huge is it's
really going to increase in access and
affordability for patients. Uh right now
the injectable is more expensive, it's
harder to take, it's got a greater side
effect profile. So people that are not
looking to maximize their weight loss,
and that's a large percentage of the
population, this will be really big.
There are about a billion people
globally that are obese, overweight, and
the penetration rate of these obesity
drugs is in the single digits. So with
the oral pill, I expect that to change
into the double digits.
I know you said that you don't need to
tell us about Eli Lilly, but people like
proven winners and Lilly has been a
proven winner. It's up 41% so far this
quarter and uh pharmaceuticals as a
group are the best-performing group in
the S&P 500 uh this quarter up 18 and
1/2% compared with the S&P up 3.6%.
Um do you see all the good news already
priced into Lilly? Like when it does get
its actual pill form of its obesity drug
approved and ready for sale, that we're
not going to see much of a reaction at
the end of the day.
Oh, I think you'll see a reaction. And
the reason that you will is because the
obesity market is so big. I think the uh
end market projection has gone to about
100 billion to 200 billion. And a big
unknown is what it will look like in the
markets outside of the US. And so far it
looks like people are getting that
pricing outside the US and it's direct
consumer. It's not really reimbursed by
a lot of the government agencies outside
the US. So I think it's going to be
really big. I think uh the numbers will
continue to go higher for Lilly. And
don't forget Lilly has a whole pipeline
behind their uh first two initial drugs
to come to market. The oral should come
to market early in or mid to uh 2026.
And those will be even better drugs than
what the first generation of drugs looks
like. So I expect this to continue to
run.
Of course, when we look at this sector
as a whole, there are a lot of risks
that uh are tied as well to policy. Uh
we know that the Obamacare premiums are
high and they're going to stay high
unless the Republican Party can come to
some kind of uh health insurance
solution, which increasingly looks more
and more unlikely. How are you thinking
through whether the political problems
start to show up in investors'
enthusiasm for this sector?
Yeah, I think that's already more than
priced into these stocks, right? So when
you saw that the Trump administration
was coming in uh to the US government, a
lot of the pharmaceutical stocks in that
whole sector already took a dive. And
now you're seeing things being traded on
fundamentals versus fear and I expect
that to continue. So uh with some of
these MFN deals, uh with a CMS IRA and
what have you, a lot of these drugs will
be coming direct to consumer at a huge
discount. So that's going to be one
segment of the market that people
haven't factored into yet. So net net, I
think things could be pretty equal for
these large cap pharma companies.
>> Well, just 7 days ago the president
though announced, he says, largest
developments to date in bringing the
most favored nation pricing to American
patients. When you look at some of these
names that are tied to this, Bristol
Myers, you have things like Merck,
Novartis, Sanofi, what do you see the
timeline for this to actually take
place?
Yeah, so uh each individual timeline is
going to be a little bit different,
right? So you saw 14 of the 17 companies
that a the letter was sent to actually
already uh come up with these MFN deals.
Uh I think it's and also the drugs are
also individual as well. So I think
you'll start to see an impact next year
and then that will roll through. Um and
it is going to come through Medicare.
It's not for all their broader markets.
So the impact is actually limited to
certain drugs and certain segments of
the market. Do you think companies are
going to use the excuse or trying to
counter this that now this means that
they cannot continue to do high-end
research for new medicines?
No, I don't think so at all. I think
what we've seen is that innovation
actually continued. There's a lot of
headlines and things in the news, but uh
what I think the street and investors
have found surprising is that it's
actually been business as usual,
especially for the large cap pharma
companies. So I expect that positive
momentum to continue. And then when you
look at some of our companies, they have
worked through 24-plus administrations.
So I think their ability to navigate
through all these sort of big macro
changes is already there and they know
how to do it.
Louise, one thing that you point out
when you look at the overall
biopharmaceutical sector is that you see
a good entry point ahead of the next
wave of innovation where companies will
be treating to cure. What does that
mean, treating to cure?
Okay. So treating to cure is either an
actual cure or a functional cure. And I
think right now we're looking at more at
functional cures depending on the actual
disease. And that's a huge deal cuz
people always talk about this longevity
trade. And for people to live well
beyond 100, you actually have to cure
the disease. It's like a car, over
100,000 miles it's going to start to
break down, right? And that's what we're
starting to see is the next wave of
innovation that's coming and I think
that's super exciting because that means
people are going to actually live a lot
longer. And you mentioned J&J as one of
the main beneficiaries. Who else
fits into that category?
Okay. Yeah, I think a lot of our
companies are looking at that, right? So
I think out of our coverage universe,
most of these companies, their target
really is to treat to cure, to stop the
disease, right? There's a company
Vertex, I think it's super interesting.
They're coming up with a product
povatacicept, right? It's for uh IgA
nephropathy. And that product will
actually keep people from getting kidney
dialysis, and that's really interesting.
So, that's just one example, but there's
a lot of examples of that in our
coverage. When it comes to treating to
cure, and you think about this, how is
AI been potentially helpful to these
pharmaceutical companies?
Yeah, I think AI is part of the
equation, right? So, I think in the
actual operations of the company, it's
actually been very important. Uh as it
comes to drug development, I think it
still think we're in the early stages,
and we're we're yet to see what that can
actually happen. But, for a long time,
these companies have been using AI to
help with the drug development process
to make it more efficient, uh to you
know, basically take out some of the
inefficiencies in the systems in terms
of testing too many molecules, spending
too much money behind it, but I think
that will actually continue to ramp up
through the years, and we'll see the
results of that over time. Maybe we can
get to treat to cure pharmaceuticals
quicker with AI. Louise, thank you so
much for joining us this morning. Louise
Chen of Scotiabank Capital. Coming up
the program, Citi Chairwoman and CEO
Jane Fraser caught up with Bloomberg to
discuss the bank's growing [music]
exposure in China. That's coming up
next. Plus, you hire with your morning
movers. Nvidia rising after closing
another deal. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance. [music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Hopefully, you had a
lovely Christmas. I'm Anne Marie Hordern
alongside Scarlet Foo this [music]
morning. She's joining me as Jonathan is
still on paternity leave, and Lisa is
off, but the gang will be back together
in 2026. Right now, equity markets are
unchanged in the middle of the Santa
Claus rally. We are really having low
volumes and very thin trading today on
this day after Christmas. It is a
federal holiday. President came out, and
he made, I believe, the 24th as [music]
well, and the 26th as they do in the
United Kingdom and other places I've
lived. We have these bank holidays,
federal holidays, but the
>> [music]
>> NYSE and Nasdaq exchanges said, "Nope,
we're still open for business. There
will be trading." [music] All the action
has been in the commodity space this
entire week and this morning. Scarlet,
you've been going through some of these
numbers,
>> [music]
>> and they've been almost extraordinary,
and what people are also expecting to go
into next year. Absolutely. Gold is up
70% this year, [music] the best annual
performance since 1979. Silver up about
150% this year, the best annual
performance [music] since 1979. Platinum
year-to-date gaining 162%. I mean, the
numbers just speak for themselves.
[music] And all of this is against a
backdrop in which the US dollar is weak
and will probably continue to weaken.
So, there is that knee-jerk reaction of
weak dollar, stronger commodities.
>> Absolutely. All right, we're 1 hour away
from the cash open. Here's your morning
movers with Yahaira. Hey, Yahaira. Hi,
Anne Marie. We start with Nvidia
outperforming the Mag 7 this morning
with shares up
nearly 8/10 of a percent. [music] And on
this quiet week, Nvidia did manage to
make some news just before Christmas. It
said that it struck [music] a licensing
deal with the AI chip startup Groq,
taking with it some of its top engineers
and even [music] its CEO. Analysts are
generally upbeat about the deal since it
means Nvidia can incorporate these new
[music] advanced chip designs into its
products and stay ahead at a time when
you're seeing Amazon, Microsoft, [music]
and Alphabet developing their own
in-house chips. Though, as we know,
Nvidia is way out ahead. Meanwhile,
sticking on chips, we go to Micron.
Those shares are up 2%, and if we
maintain [music] these levels, Micron
will open at a record high, and it's
worth noting the stock the run [music]
this stock has had this year up 230%
as demand for its memory chips continues
to be strong [music]
due to its place in the AI market. And
we end on Biohaven. That stock is
absolutely plunging this morning, down
12% in the premarket [music] after one
of its experimental drugs to treat
depression failed to meet goals in a
mid-stage [music] study. Analysts are
disappointed, but not surprised given
the complexity of [music] these clinical
trials when it comes to depression.
Though, on a day of thin trading, we are
seeing this [music] outsized reaction.
Anne Marie. Thanks so much, Yahaira. And
I was just going through some of the pop
[music] culture things to know about
1979 when gold and silver were rising in
the same way this year. Do you know what
one of the top songs was? It's almost
one of the top songs now, at least if
you follow President Trump, the YMCA by
the Village People.
>> Ah, of course. Yes. So, everything comes
full circle. Absolutely. Everything
comes full circle. It's almost like it's
1979. All right, we're going to turn to
banking now. Citi CEO Jane Fraser spoke
exclusively with Bloomberg's Stephen
Engle about the bank's growing exposure
in China and Citi's US outlook heading
into next year.
The recent truce
>> [snorts]
>> has brought some much-needed and
welcomed
stability here. I think we're we're in a
position now for both sides that wanted
to have a period now where we can just
we can move ahead
and have
more stable relationship between between
both of them. It's transactional,
but it's in both both sides' interest.
We see our client base navigating this
well. Yeah. What's your vision for the
China as the China market as it folds
into your overall restructuring plan as
well? You're now chair and CEO. First
time that those two roles have been
joined in a couple of decades. Clear
mandate to carry out your vision going
forward. What does that look like? When
you did exit your consumer banking
business here like you did in many
markets around the world, you also sold
your retail wealth management portfolio
to HSBC. You got out of an
investment bank JV with Orient
Securities, I believe, and you have an
outstanding license application for your
wholly-owned JV in securities. So, Citi
has been in China for for 124 years. We
have a a landmark building here in
Shanghai. And what we have done is
focused our strategy and grown. Um we
are following our international clients
around the world. We're seeing them with
renewed interest and focus in China as
we talked about. And then we're seeing
the Chinese companies innovating at
pace, and and also looking at expanding
internationally. So, we've [snorts] been
growing rapidly here with a more focused
strategy.
And this also very bullish on India.
Magnificent opportunity there. He's
biased.
Might be a little bit biased, maybe.
But again,
what do you hope to
get from those markets as it fits into
your restructuring plan and the vision
that you just talked about? And that we
the the growth plans that we have going
forward, cuz we we are we are on the
front foot. I cannot stress that enough.
And you can see it in our results. So,
all of our businesses, we're taking
share, we're growing very quickly,
and our returns are improving. So, as
we're looking forward, it's growth.
Let's take India.
Citi is larger in India today. We are
the largest foreign firm by revenues in
India. Um when I look at Korea, we where
I was just at, that's another market
where we were the first foreign bank to
open the doors in Korea.
And we have a very strong position there
supporting multinationals and clients.
So, as I look around the world, it's
becoming
more focused on diversification.
There is also a focus on reinvention.
What we are doing is helping provide the
strategic advice. We're helping provide
the financing and structuring and
arranging that. And we're also helping
manage the supply chain reconfiguration.
We're helping with the hedging and
foreign exchange interest rates, because
volatility is a feature. It's not a bug
of the system. Through your
restructuring, you had to get rid of the
retail side, and there's are there other
areas that you'd like to divest? I know
You have the wrong story. Citi is about
growing. We're very clear we're very
clear on our strategy, and we're moving
onwards. I only ask because again, the
Russia situation is a little bit
different probably than your overall
strategy. We just got
word that Vladimir Putin approved the
sale to Renaissance Capital of your bank
in Russia. Probably something that
you've been wanting to do for a while,
but was held back. Um we have been
winding down as many many companies have
been the franchise in Russia. We were
waiting for the final approval to be
able to sell. We got a couple more to go
to Renaissance, but it's it's a tiny
it's a tiny business. So, it's in the
grand scheme of where Citi is, where
we're investing, and what we're doing.
Um it would be good to get that done,
but
it's not
it's not critical to the firm's strategy
going forward. Let's talk about the
outlook in the United States right now
as we head into 2026. We saw the market
reaction overnight. Simply, we're seeing
that the Fed's equation that the bets
for a possible easing coming up and now
50/50 or is still below that because of
the specter of inflation. What is your
outlook for Fed action going into the
new year and the specter of inflation
rising? I
look, I I don't think we're out of the
woods yet, and there's a sense that
there may be another shoe to drop. It
could be in tariffs or in the labor
market. It could be in the asset prices
that are quite high in the states. But
all of that said, we're quite optimistic
about 2026.
The challenge for the Fed right now is
with the government shutdown. You know,
we all have a dearth of up-to-date data,
which we could do with. It's hard to
make these calls of exactly what's going
on whilst we're waiting for the
information.
But but as we look further out into next
year, I think the resiliency of the
corporate balance sheets, the strength,
companies leaning in to innovation,
investing in AI, you know, there is
I think the doomsayers will be proven
wrong.
We're a couple months out now from when
we had concerns rise about I think there
was one of the Tricolor, the the auto
subprime auto lender. There were
failures. There was concerns about
non-performing loans. What what does
your balance sheet look like as far as
that and where is your worries lie?
>> You know, I our balance sheet is
pristine. And but I think part of that
is because it's it's very heavily
investment grade on the corporate side
where we're over 80% investment grade
globally.
And when we look at the consumer side,
it's about 86% prime. So you tend to you
know, we tend to see the most resilient
healthiest parts of the economy on the
balance sheet. All of that said, we
haven't seen anything that is concerning
us. The consumer in the states is being
fiscally responsible.
Companies have been building up some
more cash either for a rainy day if it
proves necessary, but most of them for
investment.
And they're you know, they're acting
from a position of strength. We'll keep
an eye on the labor market. We'll keep
an eye on some of the areas of mid-tier
players in private credit and the like.
But as far as we're concerned, that's
second third order effects.
The banks
the banks not seeing anything that we're
worried about.
>> concerned by what some say maybe bubble
forming in AI? We talked about the
advantages of AI, but how much of a
bubble or overheating? I'm not sure if
just in the in with a lot of our tech
clients on the West Coast. I I don't
think anyone was ready to say that it's
a full-on AI bubble, but no one is no
one is saying that there aren't some
real pockets of let's call it the
British understatement frothiness in the
market.
It's more around the edges.
What I found interesting is we can see a
lot of the demand for the infrastructure
build that's going in in AI and the
energy for the next couple of years. You
know, where you saw some opinions
diverge was in the 3 to 5-year period
where we being danger of overbuilding,
but no one's feeling that for the big
investments that are going on at the
moment for the next couple of years. So
I think on that one
some certainly some pockets of
frothiness there on the valuations, but
the the core infrastructure investments
are important. And
as we're seeing in our own bank and I
think many companies uh will start
getting some of the productivity
benefits coming through. But the scale
the scale and the pace of investment is
unprecedented. That is for sure.
Great conversation with Stephen Engle
and Citi CEO Jane Fraser. Let's get you
an update on stories we're watching
elsewhere this morning. Yahaira with our
Bloomberg brief. Hey Yahaira.
>> Hi Anne [music] Marie. Ukrainian
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy saying he
plans to meet with President Trump in
Florida on Sunday. Speaking to
reporters, Zelenskyy going [music] on to
say that a framework for a deal between
the US and Ukraine is almost ready. The
Kremlin meanwhile saying its
representatives [music] have contacted
the US at President Putin's direction
and agreed [music] to continue their
dialogue.
Meanwhile, former Malaysian Prime
Minister Najib Razak [music] has been
found guilty of abuse of power and money
laundering in connection to a
multi-billion dollar fraud case. Najib
already in jail due to other convictions
[music]
now faces another 15 years in prison and
a fine of over 2.8 billion dollars. The
ruling judge dismissed numerous aspects
[music] of Najib's defense and
questioned his credibility.
And coastal communities in Southern
California are bracing for more rain and
flash floods [music]
with a state of emergency still in place
for Los Angeles and neighboring
counties. [music]
Meanwhile, here in New York City heavy
snow is on the way. The winter storm has
already caused hundreds of flight
cancellations [music] in the midst of
holiday travel. That's your Bloomberg
brief, Anne Marie. Thanks so much,
Yahaira. Up next, setting up for the day
ahead plus Deborah Weinswig [music] of
Coresight Research recapping the holiday
shopping season. And we'll get another
check what Yahaira was just talking
about the storms taking [music] shape
across the nation this holiday weekend
from AccuWeather. That's coming up next.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Good morning and welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Anne Marie along side
Scarlet Foo this morning. We're counting
you down to the opening bell. Here's
your trading diary for the week ahead.
Zelenskyy is expected to meet with
President Trump as soon as Sunday in
Florida. Tuesday, we have ADP [music]
employment data plus FOMC meeting
minutes. And the last day of 2025, we'll
get jobless claims.
>> [music]
>> Thursday, the markets will be closed for
New Year's Day and then it's off to the
races for 2026. Turning [music] to the
consumer, Deborah Weinswig of Coresight
Research
but it's a value-first consumer."
Deborah joins us now for more. Deborah,
thank you so much for joining us.
Hopefully you give us some insight into
what the holiday shopping season looked
like. When you say value-first, what
does that mean? Where are people going
to shop?
That's a great question and thank you
for having me on. So we we definitely
saw continued strength in off-price. So
that's TJ Maxx, Ross Stores, Burlington.
We also started to see pockets of
strength in the dollar stores and
Walmart of course continues to really
hit on all cylinders and it's continuing
to take market share really across the
board.
Deborah, Walmart, Amazon, and off-price
retailers like the TJX's of the world
are winning this holiday season because
consumers consumers are seeking value.
So
these retailers are getting the volume,
but are they giving up any margin along
the way?
That's a great question. What we're
seeing is that the specialty retailers
actually have done an amazing job of
more dynamic pricing and utilizing a lot
of AI to do a better job of matching
price to consumers. So we think that's
in the specialty retailers, they're
doing a great job on maintaining margin.
When it comes to let's say some of the
other pockets of retail, I think that's
been a bit more challenging and so a bit
more of this kind of bifurcation where
you've got kind of some of these
stronger players and I would say
some of these weaker players where
either they don't have the technology,
they don't have the product, or they
don't have the price set at the right
level for the consumer.
So how does Target fit into that because
the it should be a retailer that
benefits from
consumers seeking value. Yet the company
really is struggling. It has a new CEO,
but has a lot of familiar problems,
falling same-store sales, reduced
forecast. What does it take for the
company to work through its problems and
be in a position to capitalize on this
shift to value?
I mean I think that's the it's not even
a million-dollar question. That's a
ten-million-dollar question.
You know, they have First of all, you
replace the outgoing CEO Brian Cornell
with someone internally. You didn't set
up kind of a co-CEO kind of structure.
So you don't have kind of like the old
and the new. So I think there there is
nothing that's kind of like in place
right now to help them with their ills.
They've got issues with regards I mean
inventory and their their [snorts]
out-of-stock levels are as high as
they've ever been.
Their
ability to execute I mean there's just
something on the execution level that's
more fundamental like a supply chain
which they've supposedly been investing
in for the last decade, but they just
they're they're just not putting their
money into the right place. You know,
they significantly slowed down the store
growth. They were using their stores as
warehouses and and I think they keep
going back and forth between all these
strategies. Whereas you look at Walmart,
like they stayed and and it's not that
their execution is imperfect, but they
continued on one path and I think that's
what's gotten them to where they are
today. Deborah, how concerned have you
seen consumers with tariffs coming out
of the Trump administration?
So I I think that's a really important
point. So
I think that what we saw is that holiday
sales were pulled really early, right?
Because the consumer was worried about
higher prices. Then you had it like
almost like everything was went quiet
with the shutdown. And then we saw this
huge burst at the end with things really
strong. And you know, we we were mapping
the store traffic. I mean we saw some of
the highest traffic we've ever seen on
record in specialty retail.
It was up about 6.2% and we estimated
sales in specialty up about 4.8. I mean
numbers we haven't seen in quite some
time. So while it was definitely dynamic
and probably stressful along the way, I
think that the sales end up much more
positive than most people expected even
at the beginning of the season,
certainly stronger than what we thought.
Well, what do you expect for 2026 cuz
there's a lot of tariff question marks
hanging over the consumer in the
market's head, whether or not the
Supreme Court is going to strike down
AEPA, whether or not we might see more
tariffs in in certain places like copper
which might impact supply chains, or
even the US renegotiating USMCA from
Trump's first term.
So it's a great question. And if you go
back to what's driving a lot of apparel
demand right now, it is actually GLP-1s.
So about one in five Americans have been
on GLP-1. Of those, about 72% have
changed a size or more. And of those one
in five, about 50% have lost weight.
saying people are shopping more right
now because so many people have lost
weight because of Wegovy and Ozempic?
Yes.
So, and it's not just apparel, right?
They're changing shoe size, they're
changing jewelry size. So, it's
literally apparel, footwear, and
accessories across the board is driving
a significant amount of growth. And what
we're seeing, right? You you just saw
this whole kind of DXL transaction,
right? The
because of the change in sizes, right?
Even those retailers who are winning is
changing. Interesting. That that's Okay,
I love that. Um one thing we know from
the holiday shopping season is that gift
cards are very popular gift. And I bring
this up only because the revenue is
often recognized or usually recognized
when people actually redeem the gift
cards. Have you seen more of a shift or
less of a shift from physical gifts to
gift cards when you have an environment
where prices are elevated and consumers
are frankly worried?
You know, the the gift card question
is an interesting one because what we're
seeing is that
more and more
kind of kind of great
Deborah, I'm so sorry. I believe we're
losing you here now. Thank you so much
for that insight in the holiday shopping
season. Deborah Weinswig of course I
research. Scarlet, what struck me is
that I didn't even think about that.
More and more people are on these
injections. Matt Miller on them. He told
me about them. He I maybe he's the one
of these people that are going out
buying new clothes. And I wonder how
much more that's going to be a story
next year given the fact that's now
going to come in pill form.
>> Absolutely, right? Because it just
broadens out broadens out the potential
customer base for these
treatments.
Plus, once you buy a new size, you know,
if you continue taking the drug, then
you're going to need to get another size
down the road, too. So, this is kind of
a recurring expense.
>> heard of your shoe size changing though
if you lose weight.
>> Well, when you have a kid, your shoe
size often changes. My feet got bigger
after I had my two kids. All right. All
right, you learn something new every
day. All right, turning to weather now.
You want to listen to this if you're
traveling today. Heavy snow expected to
begin in the New York City area later
today. The winter storm already
canceling hundreds of flights in the
middle of holiday travel. AccuWeather's
Bill Waddell back with us now. Bill,
what do we need to know? Whereas you
said the last hour, we still expecting
maybe up to 12 inches of snow?
Uh yeah, that's right. In parts of the
northeast, that is possible. If you're
trying to do any of that holiday
shopping, use those gift cards, do the
exchanges, or if you have flexible
holiday travel,
do it this morning early this afternoon
because those big impacts are going to
be reaching the New York City area by by
about 4:00 or 5:00 this afternoon. This
is the start of the winter storm. You
could already see that we have some
snow, wintery mix on the radar in part
of the Great Lakes northeast. Looking at
the big picture, all of the ice is going
to be in the wintery mix on the southern
side of this storm, mostly snow on the
northern side. Let's get right to New
York City with the AccuWeather winter
cast. Our expert meteorologists
predicting 3 to 6 inches of snow in New
York City. But if that cold air hangs
on, there is the potential we could see
more than 6 inches of snow in parts of
New York City. And it's not just the
snow, there could be some other big
problems with this storm. Check out the
wintery mix, the ice component of this
where you see that dark pink on the map.
Parts of Michigan, western and [snorts]
central Pennsylvania, even parts of
Maryland and West Virginia, we could see
sleet, freezing rain, ice pellets. The
big concern here, especially where where
we see that darker pink, is potential
ice accumulation on the tree limbs and
the power lines. If those start to weigh
down, we hear the tree branches
snapping, that could lead to some power
outages and some big problems. So,
looking at the big picture when it comes
to holiday travel, this part for the
eastern half of the country, that's
mostly for the afternoon, evening hours,
but you could see major holiday travel
weather impacts expected from the Great
Lakes to the northeast. And still our
friends on the west coast dealing with
all the impacts of the rain, flooding,
and mountain snow as well today. Bill,
thank you so much for that update. Bill
Waddell of AccuWeather. Everyone's
really focused on this, of course,
because it's the middle of holiday
travel. Potentially you're going away
for New Year's. And also, if it's 12
inches of snow in some places, going to
be kind of hard to get around.
>> Absolutely. And I wonder as well if
temperatures stay really low after the
snow snowstorm, that means that you've
got a lot of ice on the ground. You've
got a lot of difficulty with actually
moving the stuff out. You know,
everyone's got a shovel, but you can't
do it if it's weighed down by by ice and
water.
>> ice. Yeah, that's what worries me. It's
icing. But you go ice skating. You play
ice hockey. So, maybe you can do a game
outside.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, that takes a lot of work to
clear the the the outdoor rinks.
>> That would be fun though. All right,
Scarlet, thank you so much for spending
the week with me. It's been a fun
Christmas with you around the table.
Coming up on Monday, Lisa will be back
with you. Lori Calvasina of RBC will be
joining her. Krishna Guha of Evercore
ISI and Lisa Shalett of Morgan Stanley
Wealth Management. This was my last show
on Surveillance, hopefully, for the
year. I don't get pulled into something
next week.
>> [music]
>> John is still on paternity leave. Lisa
will take you through next week and then
we'll all be back together for 2026. I
hope you and your family have a very
merry Christmas and happy holiday
season. This was Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]